the present food surplus can specifically serve the purpose of helping western china restore its woodlands , grasslands , and the beauty of its landscapes .
the establishment and design of projects must be fully debated and repeated comparisons must be made in order to make the project stand the test of time .
establish modernized meteorological , hydrological , and communications facilities , strengthen analysis and research of rainfall and water conditions , and improve the accuracy of forecasting .
following the reversion of hong kong and taiwan to the motherland , the issue of settling the taiwan problem is conspicuously facing the entire chinese people .
the master of the house is 69-year-old chung chi-chien , a retired public servant . he has three sons , one daughter , and three grandsons .
lam tsuen has enjoyed a long history . the ancestors of the villagers relocated here in the late years of song dynasty , which was 700 years ago .
acting russian prime minister putin specifically pointed out at the recent russian federation security council meeting that the new military doctrine is " a reply to nato . "
in order to be respected by others , it is essential to maintain nuclear potential and regard nuclear weapons as " political instruments for curbing the enemy . "
military experts point out that unless the russian authorities send in their armed forces , it is hardly imaginable that victory could be won in the chechen war .
hence , the military doctrine by which the russian armed forces were only used to deal with external aggression no longer suits today 's reality .
the people 's bank of china should make a public announcement on the issuing time , denomination , and major features of the corrected renminbi .
article 23 renminbi that are no longer in circulation , and are flawed or stained , should be recovered and destroyed by the people 's bank of china .
wang guangya reiterated that the chinese government will " resolutely defend china 's sovereignty , territorial integrity , national dignity , and national security . "
in this year 's new year fireworks show featuring a large number of series of varieties , fireworks of more than 200 varieties in 16 series were used .
mccain has been a congressman for many years . he was in the vietnam war , and spent five and a half years as a prisoner of war .
in addition , china 's economy as a growing force to be reckoned with in the global economy is another area that attracted much attention .
at the same time , representatives of the developing countries expressed great concern for the widening gap between the rich and the poor in the electronic age .
south africa 's president mbeki said that the information revolution brought by the internet has further widened the gap between the developing and the developed countries .
the hard-working , brave , clever , and wise chinese people can surely solve their own affairs and will finally realize the motherland 's complete reunification .
some people even believe that the united states asked for it since it refused to heed advice initially and had made a mess of things .
at present the main taiwan shipping companies have apparently completed their " struggle for berths " and associated preparatory work prior to the opening of direct sea routes .
chairman lee also said that all the people will have a chance to watch a play and see what a " modern wang mang " looks like .
the wealth of the united states belongs to the united states . the resources in china belong to china . british patents belong to britain .
after the lights were switched off , the jeep was like a small sandbag quietly waiting at a spot not far from the launching tower .
pointing at wang yongzhi , qian xuesen said to the chief designer : " this young man 's opinion is correct , and do as he says ! "
it turned out that the rocket 's range lengthened after some of the propellant was removed , and all the three missiles launched hit the target .
i looked toward the launch tower ; the tip of the spacecraft atop the rocket glinted in the dark desert as it moved away from the tower .
commander liu was full of emotion as he talked about the space city in the gobi , and even the 180,000 xinjiang poplars were full of vitality .
on the two rest days of the week , when things are quietest , liu mingshan brings flowers and stands alone before his wife 's memorial .
i will not only fulfill on time the task assigned me by the leadership but will ensure that it exceeds the leadership 's expectations . "
china 's science and technology publishers have borne the dual pressures of a surplus number of science and technology magazines and an excessive emphasis on foreign appraisal systems .
this means that in a period of 15 years , the number of articles published in scientific and technical periodicals domestically in china fell relatively by 26.2 percent .
in the course of its interventions , it has even created for the united states a new method of war : " war without engagement . "
political stability , economic growth , and social development depend to a very great extent on the production , dissemination , and application of information .
according to the relevant wto provisions , developing countries will in some respects enjoy differentials and favored treatment that are different from the developed countries .
the ecologically fragile areas in western china will speed up the development of agricultural production and water-efficient dry crops that can help preserve the ecological environment .
third , it is necessary to sell domestic air route rights by open auction to encourage competition and remove the monopoly and privileges of caac-affiliated enterprises .
the steady transition of macao and the smooth handover of power is another successful practice of the " one country , two systems " concept .
after macao 's return to the motherland , the relationship between the msar and the region of taiwan has become a special component part of the cross-strait relationship .
li peng said that guangdong nuclear power has achieved great success in recent years , and i hope you will continue to work hard and do still better .
without the love of the army and society , he could not have lived today . i am sincerely grateful to the party and the army !
renmin ribao on 12 february published a commentator 's article entitled " all members of society should concern themselves with and give support to education undertakings . "
starting immediately after this spring term begins , all middle schools and primary schools must resolutely abolish the practice of publishing students ' test score rankings .
the words " all the more " fully reflect that we have paid attention to and respected the opinions and role of the taiwan people .
both markets posted an average gain of more than nine percent at the close , with the total volume of transaction almost touching 50 billion [ shares ] .
funds raised through the stock market grew from the 5 billion yuan in 1992 to 130 billion yuan in 1997 and more than 150 billion yuan in 1999 .
many people in the securities industry believe the two new measures announced by the csrc and the central bank are conducive to stimulating the stock market .
our country has two favorable conditions for attracting foreign capital : one is the tremendous market potential , and the other is relatively cheap labor .
the court tried the case and sentenced dai mingyi to a six-year imprisonment on the charge of engaging in illegal business and confiscated his property of 10,000 yuan .
china also has developed " 53h2-type " guided missile escort ships , which are equipped with " three defenses " capability and an electronic war system .
as for the so-called " sino-russian joint opposition to an arms race in outer space , " zhu bangzao said clearly that it is inaccurate .
he indicated that foreign minister tang 's visit to iran will make a positive contribution to the further development of the two countries ' friendly cooperative relations .
he said : as the network economy is one of the important factors promoting a country 's sustained economic growth , network security is of particular importance .
china has two advantages to attract foreign capital . first , it has tremendous market potential . second , it has a comparatively cheap labor force .
recently , president clinton and secretary of state madeleine albright respectively have issued a statement stressing that the us government will eventually veto the act .
joining the wto and further expanding our opening up to the world will be of great significance for spurring the development of our national economy .
editor 's note : with the dawn of a new millennium , governments of all countries are drawing up development blueprints for a new century .
a host of facts have proved that the greater the dependence of society on network systems , the higher the incidence of computer crime becomes .
he pointed out : networks have developed rapidly in our country but we have rather few experts in network security and some websites still lack security consciousness .
as china 's major organizations are now becoming increasingly dependent on networks , there will be extremely grave consequences should hackers succeed in their assaults .
in addition , we should conscientiously tighten supervision and control over the quality of export and import products , and earnestly search for more effective methods of supervision .
the cpc central committee has issued a series of important instructions on launching the " three stresses " education and consolidating and enlarging its fruits .
in particular , we must thoroughly consider which major problems affecting reform , development , and stability in our own areas and departments need to be resolved .
at present , reforms of state and military affairs are intensifying and new situations and problems are emerging constantly . therefore we are faced with many heavy tasks .
this year , all the fee and fine collecting departments will comprehensively and thoroughly practice " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management .
article 21 . the enforcement of authority in administrative punishment and the appeal of administrative punishment shall be handled in accordance with the relevant state regulations .
" mao zedong , deng xiaoping , jiang zemin on ideological & political work , " edited by central propaganda department , published recently. cites book 's gist .
does china have any comment on the resignation one after the other of the two iraqi-based representatives of international organizations to protest un sanctions against iraq ?
zhu bangzao said : china urges relevant member states to adopt a constructive and responsible attitude and create conditions for the improvement of the humanitarian situation in iraq .
zhu rongji emphatically pointed out that our government is a people 's government , and a clean and honest administration is a minimum requirement for such a government .
the chinese government delegation led by zhu lilan arrived in zagreb on the afternoon of 16 february and will attend president mesic 's inauguration on 18 february .
the training method was strongly opposed by experts when first proposed . quite a few people thought it sheer nonsense to train people this way .
one is the current contradictions in china 's economic structure that i summed up in brief , and the other is some policy-related suggestions that i made .
in short , the shortage of public goods supply and the government 's functions being out of place are perhaps the core problems of the numerous structural contradictions .
the heavy burden on primary and secondary school students is a chronic problem in china 's education and an obstacle to teenagers ' healthy growth .
the education department , the entire party , and the whole society should make joint efforts to strengthen management and adopt feasible measures to strive for practical results .
it is also necessary to further reform the entrance examination system and promptly establish entrance examination and education appraisal systems that meet the requirements of quality education .
he said : following the conclusion of the sino-us bilateral agreement , the process of negotiations between china and other wto members has accelerated noticeably .
following his exchange of views with premier zhu rongji yesterday , this morning he held talks with shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation .
he also said that , to join the wto , china still needs to hold talks with eu , mexico , and other members of the wto .
this will enormously increase the total amount of foreign capital introduced into this country , hopefully from 1998 's $ 45 billion to $ 100 billion in 2005 .
leading cadres at all levels should be clean , honest , and industrious . we should strive to increase the party committees ' rally force and fighting capacity .
zhu rongji noted the great arduousness of this year 's reform and development tasks , hence the great significance of doing well in the customs work .
this move has enabled numerous manufacturing enterprises and scientific research institutes to directly participate in the international competition , thus having helped expand foreign trade and export .
the late leading comrades discussed in this paper refer to comrades who held leadership positions of the provincial-ministerial level before their death , the circular pointed out .
the " preface " points out that resolving the taiwan issue and realizing the complete reunification of china is in the fundamental interests of the chinese nation .
in order to strive for peaceful reunification , the chinese government has repeatedly appealed for conducting cross-strait negotiation on equal footing and on the basis of one-china principle .
we hope the us government will faithfully abide by the three sino-us joint communiques and fulfill its " three noes " commitment with regard to taiwan .
the white paper also stresses : taiwan may apply a looser form of the " one country , two systems " principle than hong kong and macao .
under the jurisdiction of the guangzhou military region , the nanhai fleet and su-27 air force unit stationed in maomin assume the major responsibility for operations against taiwan .
meanwhile , the air force of the jinan military region took a rare action and dispatched a reorganized division to hold a cross-sea surprise attack exercise .
all its pilots have learned and mastered with excellent results both flexible and variable tactics and the law of defeating the enemy and winning a victory .
on the eve of the opening of the 10th un trade development council meeting , this writer was alarmed at a report and some figures .
the chinese side also wants to stress that the important role played by the united nations and its security council in international affairs cannot be replaced .
from 17 to 18 february , chinese vice foreign minister yang jiechi and visiting us deputy secretary of state strobe talbott held sino-us strategic and security consultations .
we believe the release of the current white paper is of positive and important significance to the solution of the taiwan issue at an earlier date .
we can only place our hopes of taiwan 's future and the reunification of the motherland on people in taiwan who have the honorable tradition of patriotism .
with the help of the police in a southeast asian country , chinese public security organs arrested and extradited zhang changli back to china in may 1999 .
the leading cadres at all levels in the pla must study to gain high-tech knowledge and enhance their ability of commanding and winning in a high-tech war .
there is nothing new for this unit that college professors specially come for advice and equipment specialists come to ask for assistance in tackling difficult problems .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao 22 february stated in explicit terms that china has no intention to attend the g-8 summit and its related activities .
the procurement policies for the main animal products were abolished in 1985 , and the basic role of the market in resource allocation was gradually brought into play .
us white house officials , however , have distorted it as " threatening the use of force . " this is a deliberate attempt to confuse public opinion .
this is because the " two states " theory has undermined the development of cross-strait relations , as well as the basis and precondition for peaceful reunification .
our party 's goal is to realize communism . in the current phase , our party 's goal is to construct socialism with chinese characteristics .
the chinese government has never announced any target exchange rate , and therefore is not obliged to maintain the yuan exchange rate at a particular level .
under the current exchange rate system , the trend of the yuan exchange rate against the us dollar is mainly determined by the balance of payments .
free convertibility will definitely become a reality in the long term , this also represents the direction for the development of the yuan exchange rate system .
the twists and turns in cross-straits relations over the past five years eloquently demonstrate the prescience and grasp of reality shown by chairman jiang 's proposal .
any and all issues are negotiable under the one china principle , including all the various issues that are of concern to the taiwan government .
at the turn of the century , we sense the heavy responsibility on our shoulders in the march toward a complete reunification of the motherland .
so it is imperative and urgent to take effective measures and strengthen law enforcement in order to protect forest resources and improve the natural environment .
in order to avoid risks , the wto has formulated a set of risk prevention mechanisms that include the fields of goods trade and services trade .
in recent years , however , what used to be covert secessionist activities of " taiwan independence " advocates have become increasing more overt and rampant .
what is even more worrisome is the fact that certain leaders of the taiwan authorities have brazenly gone against the one china principle step by step .
the data cited in this article all comes from the " compilation of national data on agricultural costs and returns , " except where otherwise indicated .
if however we use the figure for production costs per 50 kg of grain , we can more accurately reflect the real trends of change over many years .
comparing the percentage increases in the tax-inclusive production cost of grain and the selling price of grain , the latter was higher by about 1.15 percentage points .
3 . expenditure on fertilizer in taiwan is relatively low , accounting for about 8 percent , whereas on the mainland the proportion exceeds 19 percent .
and the grain procurement price set by the state always stays unchanged for several years , and moreover increases instead of falling in most years .
realizing the motherland 's total reunification is a common wish of all chinese people , including taiwan compatriots , and is where their fundamental interests lie .
for this reason , we must stress that the issue of taiwan cannot be postponed indefinitely because indefinite rejection of negotiations will only lead to war .
the " debt-equity swap " policy , since its stipulation in the second half of 1999 , has acquired active response from the state-owned large and medium-sized enterprises .
last year , the central bank canceled the regional restrictions on the operating branches of foreign-funded banks , thus expanding foreign-funded banks ' renminbi business scale .
hopefully , li denghui and the taiwan authorities will think through the matter , and do not become criminals condemned by the history of the chinese nation .
the fundamental reason has been that " taiwan independence " is contrary to the wishes and fundamental interest of the people of taiwan and enjoys no popular support .
taiwan is now at a crossroad . taiwan is faced with a major choice : moving towards separation and war or towards reunification and peace .
last year , attention was also paid to ensuring the impartiality of various departments and the work of drafting laws by special committees was further improved .
being unable to stand the tests under the new situation , a small number of people have wavered in their ideals , faith , and sense of values .
hc --- luo gan stresses building stronger judicial contingents to safeguard social stability at natl teleconf on strengthening grasssroots judicial contingents held in bj 25 feb .
jiang zemin was very happy to see the economic development , urban construction , and the tremendous changes in the people 's material and cultural life in shenzhen .
that this issue has dragged on for a half century and remained unresolved precisely is the result of intervention by foreign forces including the united states .
in recent years , lee teng-hui [ li teng-hui ] has constantly advocated " two chinas " and other fallacies and openly carried out splitting activities .
he stressed once again : economic development cannot be made without science and technology , and new and high-tech industries cannot develop without talented people .
the total amount of treasury bonds to be issued in this phase will be 50 billion yuan . they include two-year bonds , three-year bonds and five-year bonds .
2 . the sale of treasury bonds to be issued in this phase will begin on 1 march 2000 and end on 20 april 2000 .
before the meeting began , attendees of the meeting expressed profound condolences to hou jie , a standing committee member who passed away after the seventh standing committee .
we should speed up the strategic reorganization of the enterprises , form a rational economic scale , and develop a number of powerful large enterprises and consortia .
we must strengthen management , adopt modern management technique , methods , and measures , and strengthen production cost , fund , and quality controls .
some 84 million people benefited from this policy , and it is hoped that residents ' income will increase by over 100 billion yuan a year .
we must attach importance to mobilizing the masses ' initiative and creativity in the process of strengthening the building of grassroots democracy and the legal system . "
blair said that china and the united states share common interests in safeguarding peace and development in the asia-pacific region and the world at large .
and some of the members who attended the plenary session held a forum today on the white paper on " the one-china principle and the taiwan problem . "
the ninth npc standing committee today also held group deliberations on the draft agenda for the third session of the ninth npc and other matters .
the chinese government is cooperating with the un high commissioner for human rights office to hold the eighth asia-pacific human rights seminar in beijing on 1-3 march .
an economist of the chinese academy of social sciences revealed that the gdp growth target for 2000 also will be set at about 7 percent .
considering these factors , it is expected that china 's exports growth will be higher than last year , and the growth probably will approach 10 percent .
according to 1998 statistics , there are 514,200 married women of childbearing age in tibet , 36.29 percent of whom have three or more children .
i hope that the leading comrades of the party committees and government at all levels will attach great importance to education and to ideological work for young students .
we should realize that although science and technology in china is developing with every passing day , the general level lags far behind that of developed countries .
third , in the geographic distribution of china 's population , the eastern and western regions respectively account for approximately 40 and 60 percent of the total .
schools are not the only one to blame for the various problems associated with some young people ; these problems also reflect the influences of society .
to solve these problems , it is essential to mobilize schools , families , and even society at large to work together to achieve tangible results .
philosophy , as a systematized and theorized world outlook and methodology , has all along been regarded as a " science of wisdom " in its highest sense .
the changes in the world have brought new opportunities to the chinese nation which has a population of over 1.2 billion and enjoys an over 5,000-year-long civilization .
china 's people 's congress system is precisely the outcome of the integration of the marxist theory of state power with the specific practice of china 's revolution .
although countries in the asia-pacific region do not share exactly the same position and viewpoint on human rights , we obviously have more similarities than differences .
qian qichen stressed that asia-pacific countries should strengthen their joint actions in realizing economic , social , and cultural rights as well as development rights .
he indicated that democracy and the rule of law are not exclusive rights of any specific country and a unified model does not exist in today 's world .
beijing , 1 mar ( xinhua ) -- tian fengshan , former heilongjiang governor who is 59 years old , was appointed minister of land and resources today .
tian fengshan , who was born in zhaoyuan county , heilongjiang province , took part in work since july 1961 and joined the cpc in march 1970 .
this should be a natural process set off by economic development ; the " third tier construction " of the 1960s involving factory relocation was something entirely different .
we must also realize however that from the angle of changing the pattern of resource allocation , we have not yet made the big breakthrough in reform .
since these areas where objective conditions are not particularly good can achieve this , other areas where conditions are better can naturally do the same .
he said : taiwan 's troops have another fatal weakness , namely , they are too dependent on other countries and are subject to many restrictions .
the two countries ' foreign ministers held talks in which they fully exchanged views over bilateral relations and over major issues in the current international situation .
whether children and youngsters can safely and healthily grow up is one of the most important indexes in judging the situation of human rights in a country .
it is no wonder that the algerian president uttered at the united nations that " sovereignty is our last line of defense against an unequal world system . "
another argument for " human rights are above sovereignty " that some western countries dish out is that human value is higher than that of of the state .
china will , as always , work with other countries to make its contribution to the progress of the world 's cause of human rights .
no doubt , this will bring certain buffet or impact on the traditional economic car producing enterprises and even on the medium-class car producing enterprises .
this bill was initially proposed by jesse helms , chairman of the us senate foreign relations committee , and senator robert torricelli on 24 march 1999 .
chen xitong 's lunch includes two dishes with soup . his dinner was quite abundant with special privileges , including four dishes and a soup .
first of all , the 1.3 billion people on the mainland resolutely oppose the idea of " taiwan independence " and this is an unsurpassable force .
second , most people on taiwan island will not follow ch 'en shui-pien . the scope of influence of his idea of " taiwan independence " is limited .
in order to have a favorable development for dpp , i am convinced that it should change its stand . the change should at least include two connotations .
today , the " fourth territory , " produced by the cyber century , is closely connected with the contention for the " third territory . "
he pointed out that maintaining regular meetings between high-level leaders of the two countries is critical to developing and deepening the strategic cooperative partnership between russia and china .
tian zengpei replied calmly : " last year the cppcc national committee held an ad hoc standing committee meeting to discuss the issue of environment and development .
the speech is a representative of the highest interest of the cpc as well as the fundamental interest of the broad masses of the chinese people . "
with party building strengthened and work style of cadres consolidated , we will be able to accelerate the modernization drive of the west region . "
sino-us ties are hard-earned because they are the result of the joint efforts of the two us political parties and previous governments for the past two decades .
in the work reports of the cppcc national committee and the government this year , the section on taiwan will be the longest compared with previous years .
at today 's meeting , the " revised cppcc constitution ( draft ) " will also be submitted for the deliberation of the committee members .
solidifying our national defense , protecting our motherland and ensuring that the people can work in a peaceful situation are sacred missions entrusted by the constitution .
he said that the purpose of his visit to china is to promote the continuous development of cooperation in various fields between the two countries .
presided over by chairman li ruihuan , the session first examined and approved the agenda of the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee .
entrusted by the standing committee of the ninth cppcc national committee , vice chairman ye xuanping delivered a report on the standing committee 's work .
the grand development of the western region is a strategy of overall interest and will be " win-win " to both eastern and western regions . "
on the whole , the first two steps of china 's strategic target have been fulfilled ahead of schedule , at a level higher than the preset standards .
during the past year , the cppcc national committee sent 18 delegations to visit 25 countries and received delegations or groups from seven countries . "
the historical experiences have proven that peace can only be secured by " ability to fight " and peace is based on " ability to fight " only .
member dong shilin from zhejiang university asked for statistical data from working staff and planned to bring them back to his lodging place for careful study .
at its various meetings , members of the cppcc national committee positively spoken and made proposals on implementation of the strategy for governing the country according to law .
we sternly refuted lee teng-hui 's [ li denghui 's ] " two-state " theory and strongly condemned the taiwan authorities for attempting to divide the motherland .
on the arrangements for the work of the cppcc national committee in 2000 , ye xuanping put forward his views in six aspects : 1 .
china 's basic rural changes are attributable to the correct guidance of deng xiaoping theory and to the firm leadership of the third-generation leading core .
we hope that the two sides across the taiwan strait conduct dialogue and negotiations based on the principle of " one china " and develop healthy cross-strait relations .
we would like to ask members from hong kong to air more views . do not just talk in hong kong , please also air your views here .
your views are of great help to improving the work of the government , and will prove highly constructive to promoting our democratic and scientific decision-making process .
since the tv series " chinese army " has been showing , it is believed that a so-called " armed threat theory " will steadily appear .
committee member cai jiming suggested that the state should include extra-budgetary funds in budgets for management and strengthen supervision on the use of financial funds .
they gave a account of the economic development in hong kong and aired their views and made proposals on the economic policies of the country .
finally settling the taiwan issue to realize the complete reunification of the motherland has become an ever more urgent wish and demand of all chinese people .
he extended his cordial regards and best wishes to the members of the cppcc national committee and , through them , to the taiwan compatriots .
we are firmly believe that the complete reunification of the motherland can certainly be realized through the joint efforts of all chinese , including the taiwan compatriots .
in the past few days , the deputies in our delegation have been thinking over what are the " sources " of the rapid economic development in fujian .
over the past 20-odd years , earthshaking changes have taken place in fujian 's economic and social appearances with the aggregate quantity of the economy continuously increasing .
we have the greatest sincerity to realize peaceful reunification , and will do all we can and make the greatest efforts to strive for peaceful reunification .
buhe pointed out : the work of actively developing west china is a large-scale and systematic project . we must stress key tasks and systematically implement them .
in connection with " three stresses " education , we should enhance the quality of the cadre force and the cohesion and combat strength of the party organizations .
xiang huaicheng said : total revenue in the local budgets for 2000 amounts to 1.0434 trillion yuan , an increase of 7.8 percent over the actual 1999 figure .
he said : the main content of the on-going reform of the budget system is to further divide the budgetary categories and compiling departmental budgets .
steps should be taken gradually to expand the scope of government procurement to include all office stationery , equipment , facilities , and related services .
impractical and difficult to implement china 's compulsory requirement for foreign firms to hand over their encrypted keys for internet security reasons has aroused strong resentment .
sheng huaren said : in 1999 , efforts to execute enterprise mergers and bankruptcies were intensified and debt-to-equity swaps and key technological transformation work comprehensively carried out .
third , deng xiaoping 's conclusion that " science and technology are the primary productive force " has been understood by more and more people .
in the " 10th five-year plan , " which will soon be formulated , the ministry of science and technology will fully expound this idea .
at present , china has a sellers ' market in science and technology . only pressure can promote development and only demand can lead to progress .
deputy liu yingming pointed out : we should give priority to educational development during the information era because education determines a nation 's rise and fall .
following the reversion of macao , wang emphatically pointed out , the original capitalist system and lifestyle remain unchanged . the political framework is operating as usual .
zeng peiyan said that china has alleviated the strain on power supply following the construction of the power projects in the last two five-year plan periods .
while admitting that in the inland there was a tendency toward deflation , zeng peiyan did not think that the inland was facing a serious situation of deflation .
the 78 large- and medium-scale ongoing projects in the western region should be sped up with the kick-in of more than 30 billion yuan this year .
the reporter asked general li laizhu whether the mainland 's cruise missiles are capable of hitting lee teng-hui 's desk just like the outside world said ?
central expenditures exceeded revenue , leaving a deficit of 179.7 billion yuan or 600 million yuan more than the amount allowed by the npc standing committee last year .
the chinese people will not let it happen . the pla is duty-bound to fulfill its sacred mission in protecting china 's unification and national interests .
xu shanlin and 30 other npc deputies have jointly put forward a resolution entitled the " law of the prc governing economic development in the western region . "
to create a micro-basis for a market economy and increase the competitiveness of enterprises , with the stress on making a strategic readjustment of the state-owned economy .
deputy wu ching-hui said : on the issue of corruption , effective measures should be adopted and effective supervision in various forms should be strengthened .
the npc has set up bilateral friendship groups with parliaments of more than 50 foreign countries . the figure may increase in the days to come .
hong kong delegation head wu kang-min presided over today 's discussion meeting , which was attended by he chunlin , secretary general of the npc standing committee .
economists taking part in the two sessions believe that the implementation of a proactive fiscal policy is the most direct and effective means of increasing domestic demand .
everything is for the people , and everything relies on them . all the work of the party should be based on serving the people wholeheartedly .
on the question of nuclear weapons in south asia , he said that china believes india should comprehensively and seriously implement un security council 's resolution no. 1172 .
it is imperative to boost the drive of returning cultivated land to forestry and reinforce environmental protection in a bid to restore the northwest region 's beautiful scenery .
deputies chen xuchu , gong deshun , shan lun , and chen youde also made some suggestions on developing the western region in line with shaanxi 's situation .
following that , macao has also realized the great concept of " one country , two systems . " the present situation of macao is also very good .
in conducting visits and inspections abroad and other foreign affairs activities , it is necessary to pay attention to promoting our own products and enterprises .
according to the assessment of the us armed forces , the " patriot " missile companies provided valuable defense for the ports and airports of saudi arabia .
such confidence was attributed to the " patriot " missiles as well as to a large number of news propagandists employed by the us armed forces .
mexico was included in this appraisal report . so the personages on all circles of mexico expressed strong dissatisfaction with such a domineering act of the united states .
the trend of diversification in social components , economic components , organizational forms , material interests and hiring methods will further develop in the future .
meanwhile , we should integrate ecological projects with a rational operation of peasants , instead of simply ordering peasants to return their grain plots and stop felling trees .
we will make continued efforts to readjust the industrial structure of old industrial bases in liaoning through such means as bankruptcy , merger , and technical transformation .
the chinese government promises that after entering the wto , it will lower its tariffs on some agricultural products and guide and encourage foreign investment in agriculture .
he emphatically pointed out that , in a developing country like china , we must first solve problems of the right of survival and the right of development .
i have said many times that the hong kong basic law is a nationwide law which must be observed by the whole country , not just hong kong .
abulahat also said : national splittist activities in xinjiang existed in the past , still exist now , and is also likely to exist in the future .
people of various nationalities in xinjiang wholeheartedly welcome other provinces and municipalities to work hand-in-hand with xinjiang and participate and support xinjiang 's large-scale development .
xinjiang 's large-scale development , which is bound to result in rapid economic development and improved living standards in xinjiang , will only further consolidate national unity .
at the turn of the century , in-depth and complicated changes are taking place in the situation , tasks , and environment our party is facing .
when the world trade organization meeting was held in seattle last year , the meeting eventually could not go on because of being besieged by demonstrators .
president jiang stated that he has talked about both " river water not interfering with well water " and " well water not interfering with river water " .
the decision on not raising taxes will help disclose whether the current fiscal deficit is a structural one or one caused by an economic cycle .
this is why the government revenue has fallen and its operating expenses have risen sharply at a rate higher than that of gdp for three years running .
reporter : president jiang , this is the first time that a macao delegation has come to beijing for the two sessions , is this of important significance ?
if i go on talking i will be affecting your ( hong kong delegation ) discussion , and it will also be turning into a news conference .
what we want to reduce is the excessive and unnecessary burden on students . we do not mean that students should not have any schoolwork burden .
speeding up the development of the west helps boost the economic strength of the west , narrow the gap between regional economies , and harmonize regional economic development .
in the past two years , the people have been extremely concerned about , and have given great support to , the work of the npc standing committee .
in legislative work , it is essential to prevent the impact of departmental interests and local protectionism and to safeguard the unity of the socialist legal system .
as to the laws that have a direct bearing on popular interests , it should continue to announce draft bills in newspapers and solicit opinions from all sides .
party and state leaders jiang zemin , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing , and li lanqing attended the meeting .
acting as a sonar serviceman for 24 years , he has a habit ; that is , he records all kinds of sound he hears .
being capable of hiding and fighting long voyages and concealment are submarines ' real skills . conquering the enemy and winning a victory are submarines ' masterly skills .
the aforementioned matters are major matters that concern the state 's basic political system , economic system , and civil , criminal , and other legal systems .
these are mainly to be carried out through strategic economic readjustment , speeding up structural reforms , and further perfecting the rule of law basis of market economy .
at the same time , the problem of being unadapted and unaccustomed to many of the rules requires that we gradually change our old behavior standards .
given the new situation , the army should continue to carry forward its fine tradition and make new contributions to the economic construction of the state .
second , legislation should focus on the central task of the party and the state and cater to the overall interests of reform , development , and stability .
we must further rectify the enterprise leadership groups , and in particular select young cadres with ability and political integrity to augment the enterprise leadership groups .
we must firmly grasp a correct guiding direction for the media 's propaganda and comprehensively , correctly and deeply promote the party lines , strategies and policies .
npc deputies have commented favorably on the work of npc during the past two years and suggested that chairman li peng personally make a report .
there is no denying the fact that chinese-invested overseas enterprises are comparatively small businesses , their scales far below the average of those of developed countries .
the focal point and method of ideological and political work in every period are consistently strengthened and improved in line with the changes in the current difficult problems .
ye danian , a member of the science association panel , said that people of this generation profoundly feel the impact of " how to make steel . "
the session has proceeded smoothly in accordance with its agenda and as scheduled with a relatively high attendance rate and a heated atmosphere at its panel discussions .
moreover , the members also put forth some views on how to revise the work report , which have been summed up and divided into some 40 categories .
under the situation whereby the legislative system is constantly being perfected and new laws are being formulated , we must strengthen study of new knowledge .
after the liberation , shanxi has become an important base of energy resources and heavy chemical industry , and energetically supported the economic construction of the entire country .
jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , wei jianxing , li lanqing and other party and state leaders were seated on the rostrum .
we must further intensify our efforts , improve on the methods and procedures , and pay attention to quality , in order not to let the people down .
therefore , to settle the taiwan issue , it is imperative to get rid of us interference and to properly make preparation for military struggle .
4 . there must be main points , bases , and plans for writing motions . motions on law should include draft amendments to laws .
as a policy decision of farreaching strategic significance , the great development of west china became a focal issue for the members at this year 's session .
the central financial deficit was 179.7 billion yuan , 600 million yuan less than the budget ; total local financial surplus was 3.8 billion yuan .
only in the great family of nationalities of the socialist motherland , can the prospects of people of various nationalities in xinjiang be better . "
major achievements have been made in reforming state-owned enterprises and freeing them from business predicaments , but serious attention should be paid to existing difficulties and problems .
party and government leaders jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , wei jianxing and li lanqing were seated on the rostrum .
at the turn of the millennium and the century , one doubly feels the rapid passing of time and the value of time by reviewing the past .
the trend toward globalization is accelerating ; the impact of the world market on national economies are becoming more prominent and international competition and cooperation are further deepening .
there is continual conceptual renovation ; various cultural exchanges are expanding daily ; and the notions of opening , competition , and efficiency are getting markedly stronger .
as fully demonstrated by history , whenever this principle is adhered to , our cause will develop successfully ; otherwise , our cause will suffer setbacks .
the subcommittee for handling proposals will promptly examine the proposals received after the deadline and place them on file , to be referred to relevant units for handling .
after the issuance of general secretary jiang zemin 's speech , sanya city party committee immediately held an enlarged standing committee meeting to study measures for implementation .
it stands to reason that scientific and technological progress will inevitably bring about the changes of ideological concept . in fact , this case is also true .
to properly handle the relationship between economic development and population control , we must develop the economy , control population and enhance the population quality .
jiang zemin noted : during this new century , we should strengthen , not weaken , the work on population , resources and environment in china .
the party and government principal leaders should coordinate the work and organize the efforts of all sectors to comprehensively tackle the population , resources and environmental problems .
the motions have played an important role in helping cppcc perform its functions and furthering all types of work for national economic and social development .
shanghai has worked out plans , preparing to integrate these industries with the international economy , including preparing to purchase spare parts from the international market .
the deputies pointed out that it is necessary to promote reform and development while maintaining social stability and maintain social stability in the course of reform and development .
moreover , they should concentrate their efforts on the two major issues of developing the economy and lightening the burdens of the peasants while increasing their incomes .
the early settlement of the taiwan issue is the common aspiration and strong voice of the people of all nationalities throughout the country , including the taiwan people .
deputy zhang wentai said the armed forces should set even high standards for " stressing theoretical studies , political awareness , and good conduct . "
on the other hand , the state hopes that promising enterprises will use the capital market to raise funds for reorganizing their assets and expanding their business .
in the meantime , they should abide by these rules and prevent the unnecessary economic and trade frictions and disputes arising from the ignorance of the rules .
at the end , the article says : solving the taiwan issue and realizing the motherland 's complete reunification is the chinese people 's sacred mission .
the traditional approach to support the poor is reformed by replacing " blood transfusion " with " blood manufacturing " to support by way of development .
beijing , 13 march ( zts ) -- the grand development of the western region is an important policy of china in the new century .
we should let the enterprise operators and management make their own decisions and manage things boldly , and also exercise the necessary supervision over them .
zhu rongji pointed out that the questions of agriculture , the rural areas , and the peasants are always the fundamental issues in china 's reforms and development .
li tieying stressed the need to fully understand that safeguarding the party 's political and propaganda discipline is of paramount importance to running the cass well .
over the last few days , national defense information security , particularly internet security , has been a favorite topic for discussion among pla deputies .
when discussing internet security , awareness about hidden dangers cropped up in these deputies ' minds -- national defense information security is facing a serious challenge .
some congressmen who opposed the bill changed to a wait-and-see attitude or even supported it , while vacillating congressmen changed their minds and approved the bill .
the first point is , we can take the opportunity of accession to the wto to consolidate our existing laws and ordinances , especially regulations and regulatory documents .
he stressed that tibet is part of chinese territory and the tibet issue is purely an internal matter for china , which allows no foreign intervention .
at the same time , it should further improve policies related to the development of tourism to promote a sustained , steady and healthy development of tourism .
the motherland will not sit idly by at the practices of people playing with fire on the question of " taiwan independence " and creating a split .
the anti-china force in the congress republican party has vigorously advocated that taiwan should join the wto before china and has opposed the granting of pntr to china .
the new trade agreement has enabled china to open its market door to us products and service and has made china abide by the rules of the game .
" special article " by wen wei po reporting team : " ' wto entry ' is heated topic of two sessions ( part 2 ) " .
based on his practical experience , yao hui feels that the most urgent and crucial task at present is to restructure our agriculture and rural economy .
the session stressed : development is the last word . with improving economic results as the precondition , we should ensure relatively rapid economic growth .
according to the opinions and proposals expressed by the npc deputies and cppcc national committee members in their discussions , the state council revised the report .
it should give full play to the monetary policy , increase financial support for economic development , and pay attention to the prevention and elimination of financial risks .
it should continue to intensify exchanges and cooperation with foreign congresses and international parliamentary organizations and to promote the healthy development of its external relations .
if someone tries to seek " taiwan independence " after he comes to power , the pla as well as the chinese people will surely not allow it .
xin qi , researcher of china peace and development research center , pointed out : chen shui-bian 's recent policies are aimed at confusing the taiwan people .
yesterday , taiwan 's stock market index continued to slide downward , which fully indicated taiwan compatriots ' worries over " taiwan independence " forces assuming power .
although such contradictions exist among people who share the same fundamental interests in all aspects , we must still pay serious attention to their settlement .
the enunciation in the government work report provides a guideline for us to explore ways to solve contradictions among the people in rural areas in the new period .
enhancing basic quality of rural grassroots cadres , masses [ subhead ] give theoretical , policy , and legal training to grass-roots cadres in rural areas .
the local governments should focus their assistance on improving the production conditions and help peasants in poverty-stricken areas blaze a new trail for getting rich .
the taiwan issue became a hot topic for the npc deputies and cppcc national committee members right from the start of the " two sessions " this year .
" hong kong and macao have reverted , but the mainland and taiwan have not been reunified , so china has not achieved its great reunion .
the key lies in the taiwan authorities returning to their original stance of upholding the one china principle and to the consensus reached by the two cross-strait associations .
she said that this shows that quite a number of high-tech enterprises have achieved rapid growth through taking advantage of the good environment provided by the high-tech zones .
wang guangying , honorary chairman of the all-china federation of industry and commerce , said : we are never vague on the stand of upholding the one-china principle .
if another country sets a certain day as " independence day " for a certain state in the united states , how will us senators feel ?
we understand that a considerably great number of taiwan people still have some doubts about the reunification issue and about the realization of reunification at present .
therefore , although we do not hope to drag on the taiwan problem indefinitely , we think that a certain period of time is needed to realize reunification .
implementation of a proactive fiscal policy , issuance of additional treasury bonds , and expansion of investment played an important role in promoting economic development .
we attracted foreign investment totaling $ 45.4 billion , including $ 40.4 billion of direct foreign investment , and that ranked china first among the developing countries .
as of the end of 1999 , 6.5 million workers laid off from state-owned enterprises were unemployed . there are other unemployed people who need to find jobs .
projects will be well selected and funds properly used . supervision , auditing , and project quality control will be tightened to prevent shoddy workmanship on projects .
however , the separatist force on taiwan island should also be soberly aware that the us ' support for taiwan is all based on us interests .
jiang zemin said princess sirindhorn is an old friend familiar to the chinese people . she has visited china many times , as though she visits relatives .
qian qichen said : " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " represents the basic principle of the chinese government for resolving the taiwan issue .
it should be commonly understood that the un 's authority must be safeguarded , and military intervention which brushes aside the un should be opposed .
the cmc has ordered the institution of air control over the southeastern coast , and some units are immediately entering combat-readiness status to deal with a possible situation .
it was also within beijing 's expectations that the united states would make react strongly to the white paper on taiwan and zhu 's speech .
the full text of the statement follows : there is only one china in the world , and taiwan is an inalienable part of chinese territory .
in recent years , many us companies complained that the us government 's sanctions on iran had made them lose their shares in the iranian market .
the mother mainland always holds to the policy of " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems " in resolving the taiwan issue .
we will listen to the new taiwan leader 's words and observe his actions . we will wait and see where he will lead cross-strait ties .
now that chen shui-bian has won the election , he should make a decision on his own attitude within the framework put forward by premier zhu rongji .
this is a kind , generous and farsighted policy decision given for the sake of the chinese nation and the interests of all chinese people .
in old china , huang hua said , the chinese people could not even secure their right to subsistence , to say nothing of other rights .
however , the authorities especially stressed the need to ensure the safety of taiwan tourists and businessmen on the mainland and banned protests against taiwan-funded enterprises .
if the dpp dares to show its teeth and clamor for " independence , " the chinese government can then logically use force to strike at the traitors .
in fact , it is not possible that the government of every country in the world will use identical methods of promoting and protecting human rights .
the number of loss-making soe 's and large and medium-sized state-owned and state-controlled enterprises , which stood at 6,599 in 1997 , decreased substantially last year .
now , however , the statements of the united states and other western countries on human rights are not as strong as those a few years ago .
we will listen to what the new leader in taiwan says and watch what he does and we will observe where he will lead the cross-straits relations .
the fourth committee of the national natural science foundation council has a total of 26 members , 18 of whom are scholars in two ministries .
at about two in the afternoon of march 19 , more people arrived at the kmt headquarters with placards bearing the words " down with lee teng-hui . "
people have seen clearly that during the past 12 years since he came to power , lee teng-hui has implemented an out-and-out " taiwan independence " line .
jiang zemin expressed belief that this conference will be of a great significance to further promoting a comprehensive cooperation between china and africa in the new century .
he held that this meeting will be of a great significance to strengthening cooperation between developing countries in dealing with the common challenges they are currently faced with .
the iron will of the chinese people , who are determined to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity with their blood and life , is unshakable .
the administration of the board of supervisors should strengthen its contact with the state economic and trade commission , ministry of finance , and other relevant departments .
positions of full-time supervisors shall be occupied by state officials of department ( bureau ) or section level who are generally less than 55 years old .
article 22 . members of a board of supervisors must keep an inspection report confidential and must not leak out commercial secrets of a state-owned financial institution .
differences between china and the united states on the human rights issue should be settled through dialogue on the basis of equality and mutual respect .
the fundamental purpose of forming a network among relevant departments is to exchange and share information resources , plug up loopholes in management , and improve efficiency .
toward the end of last year , china and the united states reached a " win-win " agreement on china 's entry into the world trade organization .
by handling the " falungong " issue according to law , the chinese government is indeed protecting chinese citizens ' basic human rights and freedom .
sassou stressed : there is only one china in the world . congo ( brazzaville ) will continue to maintain the one china principled position .
i have openly stated that leaders on the two sides of the taiwan strait can hold talks , but the premise must be the one-china principle .
holbrooke conveyed president clinton 's regards to president jiang zemin , who , in turn , asked holbrooke to send his regards to president clinton .
he emphasized : human rights are not the rights of a few countries nor the rights of the rich , but the rights of all people .
lien-ho pao said in its editorial : " his chief political axis over the past 12 years has been neither democracy nor sincerity but trickery . "
chen shui-bian 's success in the elections has had a complicated effect on cross-strait ties . the cross-strait situation is filled with the atmosphere of unrest .
commentator 's article : " improve quality of creation , produce more fine works -- third thought on military literary and art work in new century " .
leaders of literary and artistic units must exert energy in organizing it well , make specific arrangements and plans for it and make it a system .
it is necessary to open to the domestic sectors before opening to the outside world , because doing so will bring benefits rather than harm .
at present , economic growth is chiefly drawn forward by financial investment , but the question is , how many carriages can the locomotive of financial investment draw ?
the chinese government has always worked for a peaceful resolution of the taiwan issue . however , peaceful reunification is predicated upon the one-china principle .
the most important thing between the two sides is not when wang daohan will visit taiwan , but if a foundation of mutual trust can be built .
during and after the " presidential " elections , chen shui-bian stated in a harsh tone : " i will never be the second hong kong . "
chen shui-bian talked quite a lot about a state being a topic rather than a prerequisite or a principle . however , he wanted to negotiate with beijing .
he solemnly pointed out that as for the united states , britain 's continuous efforts to build ships for the south " meant war . "
making great efforts to develop foreign trade and economic cooperation and promoting development with opening up are very important to stepping up the development of the western region .
third , the social and economic development of various provinces ( regions and municipality ) of the western region has its respective characteristics and unique advantages for development .
fourth , approved experimental projects for opening up can , in principle , be carried out at the same time in the eastern , central and western regions .
fifth , foreign-invested enterprises in the coastal areas are allowed to contract the management and operation of foreign-invested enterprises and domestic-invested enterprises in the central and western regions .
this is a new development in a series of guiding thinking for our party-strengthening self-building , so as to push forward the building of socialist spiritual civilization .
we must adapt ourselves to the new situation and comprehensively grasp well the building of the party according to the requirements of the " three represents . "
the " three represents " fully embody the dialectic unity between completing the fundamental tasks of the party and practicing the fundamental aims of the party .
the differences between china and the united states on human rights issues should be resolved through dialogue on the basis of equality and mutual respect .
hsu hsin-liang believes that lee yuan-tseh [ li yuanche ] will very likely step forward to form the cabinet and chen shui-bian will let lee handle cross-strait relations .
qiao zhonghuai 's speech was responding to us secretary of state albright 's groundless attack on china 's human rights status at the session on that day .
as an important foundation of economic development and comprehensive social progress , education represents the fundamental way to improve the overall quality and creativity of a nation .
vigorously enhance the construction of the pool of teachers the hope of national rejuvenation lies in education , and the hope of revitalizing education lies in teachers .
in contemporary society , the cognitive capability of children and youths not only come from classrooms and books , but are also affected by society .
ensuring a quiet , harmonious , and healthy environment of learning for children and youths is an unshirkable responsibility of cpc committees and governments at all levels .
article 22 the conservation of class one conservation zones for surface sources of domestic potable water shall be carried out in accordance with article 20 of the lpcwp .
article 40 those who are punishable by a fine according to the provisions in article 47 of the lpcwp shall be liable to a fine below 100,000 yuan .
article 41 those who are punishable by a fine according to the provisions in article 48 of the lpcwp shall be liable to a fine below 100,000 yuan .
qian qichen emphatically pointed out : the election of a new taiwan regional leader and its results cannot change the fact that taiwan is a part of china .
the realities demonstrate once again that anyone who attempts to promote " taiwan independence " and split the motherland will certainly come to no good end .
cross-strait relations is currently in an extremely unstable period and problems may occur anytime . the consequences will be extremely serious if the relations is not properly handled .
sales of discs made from mp3 files downloaded from the internet are prohibited , and on-line wholesale of video and audio products is also banned .
chongqing will relocate , build , and transform the inundated enterprises in line with the principle of integrating the relocation and building of enterprises with their structural readjustment .
amid island-wide opposition and protests , lee teng-hui [ li denghui ] resigned as kuomintang [ kmt ] chairman ahead of time on 24 march .
after a meeting between us and indian leaders , us secretary of state albright said that clinton was disappointed with india 's refusal to make the slightest concession .
together with some " national assembly " delegates elected from the off-shore islands , they visited the " executive yuan " and submitted a six-point statement .
according to his logic , jiang zemin and chen shui-bian are in an equal position and the two sides of the strait can start to hold talks immediately .
sixth , one of the main factors for the taiwan independence forces to run wild and for strained cross-strait relations is the us strategy of curbing china .
at the same time , some countries continue to stick to a " cold war mentality , " believing that military alliances represent important guarantees maintaining regional security .
according to the loan-using conditions provided by the imf , thailand once implemented the retrenchment measures , such as tightening expenses and raising interest rates and taxes .
in the past few years , the philippines increased budgeted expenditures by 21.9 billion pesos , thus making its financial deficits four times the original budgetary figure .
russia 's rejuvenation , putin pointed out , will not be possible without the rejuvenation of russia 's rural areas and the revitalization of agriculture .
the state will earnestly help the agricultural sector and will also help millions of farmers , so that they will provide the state with high-quality products .
[ renmin ribao ] in the past , the central authorities applied quite a few preferential policies to tibet and adopted many measures supporting tibet 's development .
last year , russia 's gdp rose by 3.2 percent . this year , russia 's industrial production has displayed a stronger momentum of growth .
under such circumstances , the dprk diplomacy , which is growing active with each passing day , has created a favorable international environment for the dprk development .
at this time , some of the foreign journalists present kept urging her to start the conference , saying that they had more important stories to cover .
zhang erping who had already obtained us nationality was forced to say that they had come to support the anti-china motion by the us government .
beijing , 27 mar ( xinhua ) -- foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi spoke this afternoon about the election of putin as president of russia .
at the same time , patients should be allowed to purchase medicine in a hospital 's pharmacy , or purchase medicine in designated drugstores outside the hospital .
accompanying vice premier li lanqing were the following departmental leaders : duojicairan , zhang tianbao , wang longde , liu jin , and li jiange .
in order to win the support of the public and the media , the level of concern that the war planners of nato showed about casualties was unprecedented .
it can be said that whether to grant china the mfn treatment is a " trump card " of the united states for checking china .
the corporation has a complete nuclear industrial system and is composed of 246 industrial enterprises , corporate scientific research and design institutes , institutions , and units .
polyester film and kapton plated with aluminum , either on one side or two , make one of the thermal-control coatings for the thermal-control system of the spacecraft .
for example , the united states has seen serious human rights violations at home , and until now , the situation has continually worsened rather than improved .
they raised the slogan " all men are born equal " to demand the creation of a new order . doubtless this was a progressive movement .
you have only to look at the people they support , and you 'll understand the emptiness of their shouts of " human rights " .
and today , the human rights situation in china has improved considerably . take a stroll around among the common people . are they talking ?
initial results have also been achieved in building a highway network extending in all directions . the total length of highways within the region has exceeded 20,000 kilometers .
we should actively create necessary conditions , step up a socialized management over social securities , and provide a better system guarantee for social stability .
after entering the middle school in september 1998 , she became more and more obsessed with " falungong " and her school results dropped drastically .
china began to reprint the " bible " in 1980 , and by late last year more than 23 million copies had been distributed throughout the country .
there are deficiencies , however , in the development of christianity in china , such as a lack of capital for building new churches and insufficient theological training .
the elders society pledged to continue exchanges between us and chinese christian associations and develop friendly relations with their christian sisters and brothers in china .
economists pointed : thanks to the rapid development of high and new technology industries , the american economy has grown in a sustained way for many years .
their initiative and creativity should be displayed well , guided well , and protected well by exercising open administration over village affairs and other measures .
the opinion poll published by taiwan 's " china times " on 15 march showed that only 9 percent of people in taiwan support taiwan independence .
eu officials held , however , that differences between china and the eu at the moment centered on the two major fields of telecommunications and financial service industries .
under the name-registration system , it is difficult to calculate and supervise increases in personal savings , and this gives some people an opportunity to capitalize .
this is the hard-earned result of the unified ideology , unified action , and joint efforts of all the party 's comrades and all levels of the nation .
whoever pursues " taiwan independence " will not come to a good end -- lee teng-hui is just a living teaching material by way of negative example .
the preparatory work for the project of transporting gas from western to eastern china was started recently . its first-phase construction investment amounted to 120 billion yuan .
it has been learned : in 2000 , various financial organizations in xinjiang expect to provide nearly 10 billion yuan of funds to support local construction projects .
second , we should adjust the existing course distribution and organizational structure and encourage the scientific research departments to open themselves to one another as far as possible .
according to the situation of the followers ' mass graves discovered by the police afterwards , all of these followers were murdered or beaten to death .
recently , some countries afflicted by cults have adopted resolute measures one after another to crack down on cults in order to ensure social stability .
china and russia should jointly take measures , strengthen international cooperation , and crack down together on intercontinental national splitism , religious extremism , and international terrorism .
russia supports china 's policy and stand on the taiwan issue , a principle which russia did not , has not , and will not change .
the especially frightening thing to the modern civilized world is that the state parliament in mississippi approved a resolution to ban slavery as late as february 1995 .
the united states relies on its strong military power to engage in unjust military ventures everywhere and infringe upon sovereignty and human rights of other countries .
it stresses particularly the urgency and necessity of comprehensively implementing the party 's education policy and of grasping well the ideological education of young people .
consequently , strengthening and improving young people 's ideological education is an important measure for comprehensively conducting quality education and improving education quality in an all-round way .
in this regard , by reading several crooked poems of li hongzhi , we can see that his unchecked desire for power has appeared obviously .
moreover , china has already explored and utilized as many as 133 minerals and the proved reserves of over 20 minerals are among the tops in the world .
our refusal to give up the use of force is not directed against taiwan people but is directed against foreign forces and taiwan independence forces .
then , the improved situation in the western region will create more development opportunities for the enterprises in the eastern region and benefit the workers of relevant industries .
china has attached great importance to developing good-neighborly and mutually beneficial cooperative relations with tajikstan , and hoped that relations between the two armies will be further developed .
[ chen ] regarding requirements for our agricultural products , the problem of quantity has already lessened . but a problem with the quality of foods is arising .
article 3 . the financial institutions mentioned in the provisions refer to institutions doing individual saving business in line with the law inside chinese territory .
to gear up china for its wto entry , beijing must display greater enthusiasm by further opening up to the outside world and improving its investment environment .
gooch was reluctant to say what progress had been made . he just said that the eu was not disappointed by the failure to reach an agreement .
the economic development and social stability of these areas is vital to the overall situation of china 's unification , national unity and the modernization drive .
narayanan reiterated that india all along has supported china 's principled stand on the issues of taiwan , human rights , and its wto accession .
" we will then have the authority to act on our own ; it could be at any time and without any notice or warning .
he believes that only by fully understand the characteristics of the water resources in the western region , can we rationally develop them and effectively use them .
of course , those various circumstances are not accidental ; rather , they are significant revisions to us policy toward south asia at the turn of the century .
there are " patriot " missiles in the arsenals of germany , israel , japan , kuwait , the netherlands , saudi arabia and china 's taiwan .
the deployment of the " arrow " missiles jointly developed by the united states and israel has already begun . their maximum intercepting altitude is 40 km .
israeli prime minister barak said on that day the deployment of the " arrow " missile defense system would greatly strengthen israel 's defense capability .
if the united states agrees to defray the $ 50-70 million spending , the israeli ministry of national defense will undertake most of the work for the project .
he noted : the theoretical work is a basic project which consolidates the fundamentals and molds the spiritual pillar of the cause of our party .
so long as our leaders at all levels can achieve the same , the modernization building of our army can surely turn out to be a success .
zhu lilan also said that despite varying opinions , it is only a question of time that cars will become a part of china 's households .
the project is one of eight major scientific projects launched by the state in the ninth five-year plan period and involves some 118 million yuan in total investment .
reconnaissance planes of the " blue army " used many hi-tech reconnaissance facilities to conduct aerial inspection but could not find the camouflaged real targets .
under his high pressure , those who hold different ideals have left one after another and those who remain in the party have kept quiet out of fear .
[ xishi ] at present , the vatican is energetically seeking to establish diplomatic ties with china . what are the prospects for the development of china-vatican ties ?
at the beginning of this year , vice premier wu bangguo visited eu headquarters and held friendly talks with president romano prodi and other eu leaders .
it is in the fundamental interests of both peoples to develop this relationship between china and israel , and conducive to regional peace and development as well .
he said that both china and chile are developing countries . there are no fundamental conflicts of interest between the two , yet both have much in common .
when answering a reporter 's question on the reform of the un security council [ unsc ] , he indicated : china 's stand is clear-cut and consistent .
opposing views , even if they are wrong , may reflect a certain aspect of things . they may perhaps contain deductions from historical experience .
they are the basic skills to be possessed by leading cadres . they are also important manifestations that their policy decisions are made scientifically and democratically .
judging from the long process of history , the crux of determining the rise and decline of a country and nation is the level of productive forces .
comrade jiang zemin also pointed out that all the production modes and organizational forms that reflect the law governing socialized large-scale production can be boldly used .
to properly act as the representative of the fundamental interests of the greatest majority of the people , we must resolutely fight against all kinds of corrupt conducts .
the impacts on computerized war simulation brought about by the technological revolution can also be reflected by the impact it exerts on mathematical models and operational parameters .
the pertinent departments and the local governments will follow the law to severely punish those who willfully cause trouble , especially organizations and people who provoke mass disturbances .
hao zhaocheng said : with the trend of global economic integration becoming more and more evident , china is facing more and more international taxation problems .
we wish to see an overall response [ zheng ti de hui ying 2419 7555 4104 0932 2019 ] to this issue , not responses to individual issues .
the development of township and town enterprises in china 's rural areas has played a great , direct promoting role in the national economic growth .
during the period 1984-1985 , the retail sales of consumer goods in the rural areas accounted for around 53 percent of the nation 's total .
many people believe that the prices of chinese agricultural products have already been higher than international market prices , and it indeed seems to be so .
our present total grain output is 500 million metric tons . if we consider importing 5 percent , the import will be 25 million metric tons .
china 's constitution and laws fully safeguard all fundamental rights of its citizens , including freedom of speech , assembly , association , and religious belief .
as chen shui-bian will be sworn in on 20 may , he has no power in hand now . beijing is still judging him by his deeds .
do we have to allow " falungong " to continue to kill and maim more chinese people in order to meet their so-called human rights standards ?
thus , the elimination of cults is not only a pressing task in the endangered countries but is the common responsibility of the international community .
2 . no way out for " taiwan independence " of any form realizing the motherland 's reunification is a great long-term cause of the chinese nation .
the motherland 's reunification , prosperity , and power is always the chinese people 's common wish and also concerns the welfare of the chinese descendants .
we have always worked hard for peaceful reunification with the greatest sincerity , but meanwhile , we absolutely cannot promise to renounce the use of force .
[ unidentified spokesperson ] china is very concerned about the developments in iraq and deeply disturbed over the serious civilian causalities resulted from the us-british bombing of iraq .
the chinese side has always maintained and declared on many occasions that the sovereignty , territorial integrity , and independence of iraq should be fully respected .
daley has paid four visits to china since he became us commerce secretary three years ago . next week 's visit will be his fifth to beijing .
the leading cadres from the general staff department and the military region selected seven officers from among division and brigade chiefs of staff for the test .
when he was arrested last february after the drug trafficking gang was smashed , liu zhibing had already been placed under surveillance and was unable to help him .
in the past near 20 years , with the joint efforts of the compatriots on both sides of the straits , cross-strait economic relations continued to develop .
on the other hand , however , fees collected from township enterprises by the state departments concerned and by various levels of local government are equally astonishing .
this being the case , it is necessary to strengthen the sense of the overall situation and consciously support and help the western region become well-off .
he expressed belief that the work of checking unhealthy tendencies in business activities can surely attain new and greater headway at the present new historical starting point .
this year , unlike the previous years , people in xian are bathed in the spring breeze blowing from the grand development of the western region .
her words and deeds are to split up the motherland in an entirely undisguised manner , have challenged the one-china principle , and have further deteriorated cross-strait relations .
if taiwan wants to have a good future and wants to have splendid prospects , it must seek reunification , seek peace , and seek talks .
in history , foreign enemies invaded taiwan but their rule was just of short duration and taiwan had never been separated from the embrace of the motherland .
" should you report what annette lu has said , or should you watch to see if she is trying to use hong kong 's media ?
she said : during his visit to israel , president jiang will personally experience the same feelings the israeli people have toward their chinese counterpart .
he maintained : cooperation between israel and china in this aspect serves as a good start for cooperation between the two countries in many other fields .
dc --- article by staff reporter sun dongmin and guan kejiang : " understanding , trust and cooperation -- interview with tanino , japanese ambassador to china " .
implement mergers and bankruptcy to make enterprises without competitive edges retreat from the market the state should refrain from indiscriminately " save " debt-ridden enterprises .
annette lu was one of the first " taiwan independence " elements to clamor for " one china , one taiwan " at the united nations .
the incoming leader of the taiwan region has recently made some remarks indicating that he would like to start dialogues across the strait and improve cross-strait relations .
for instance , how have the party 's guidelines and policies and the county ( city ) work arrangements actually been implemented in the grass roots ?
false reports , exaggeration , and formalism seriously existed in some localities for a period of time and had a bad influence on the people .
the article says : as far as the us economy is concerned , the chinese mainland is " by far more important " than taiwan .
in fact , beginning from 1989 , prisons in china began posing the idea of introducing the psychological method into the process of transforming criminals .
it is precisely because china pursues no private end in the middle east that its moral support for the region has been warmly received by middle east countries .
technological advance has mandatorily started a fundamental transformation in the pattern of operations , especially the means , forms , and methods of operational command means .
for this reason , development of command automation and c3i and c4i systems has become the most important project helping the military of various countries achieve informatization .
what we should be cautious about is that in our ordinary technology transfer and equipment imports , the technology may be hidden to cause future defeat .
network has opened up a new living space for human being and , at the same time , brought the human competitive activities into a new domain .
we have the conditions to build our own information network our information war expert shen weiguang predicted that world war iii will be a comprehensive information war .
judging from the current actual circumstances , it is a comparatively feasible measure to adopt the tactics of " one country , two networks . "
to protect the state 's forests and the environment , we implemented urgent quarantine measures toward the wood package of goods imported from the us and japan .
naturally , the core objective of the wto is to promote global trade liberalization and effectively remove barriers of all sorts impeding the trade liberalization process .
the number-one leader of an enterprise are not allowed to make individual decisions or appoint people by favoritism , still less violate the law and discipline .
as the white paper " the one-china principle and the taiwan issue " pointed out , we can only pin hopes on the people in taiwan .
the door to cross-strait talks has not been shut . however , the prerequisite for such talks is that the one-china principle must be recognized .
for panama with a population of 3 million to develop ties with china with a population of 1.2 billion is a guideline universally recognized by the panamanian people .
at the end of last year , president jiang zemin and chairman li peng respectively visited morocco , algeria , saudi arabia , israel , palestine and oman .
china and south africa will constantly push forward their friendly and cooperative relations and bring benefit to the people of the two countries through their specific cooperative achievements .
in his view , taiwan 's new leader should not merely strike a posture but should take action in order to win people 's confidence .
for the final realization of independence and peaceful reunification , both sides , however , have never given up efforts to improve relations and realize reconciliation .
the lesson of the asian financial crisis teaches us that strengthening the control over bonds issued overseas is an effective way to ward off financial crises .
four , commercial bills issued by institutions within chinese territories and debt instruments issued by their overseas branches and subsidiaries will be differentiated and put under standardized management .
an analyst has noted that the holding of a summit meeting between south korea and the dprk is a " win-win " decision beneficial to both .
according to the agreement reached between south korea and the dprk , the two sides are to hold preparatory talks for the already agreed-to summit meeting .
although the south and the north have already reached an agreement on holding a summit meeting , the implementation of the agreement will take some time .
we must speed up cultivating young and middle-aged minority cadres who are armed with marxism and can adhere to correct perspectives on ethnicity and religion .
annette lu [ lu xiulian ] kept on saying that taiwan and the mainland motherland are " distant relatives " and " close neighbors " .
however , these foreign aggressive forces eventually ended up with failure under the firm struggle of all the chinese people , including the people of taiwan .
shi lang 's eastward expedition smashed the chengs ' dream of stubborn resistance by relying on the taiwan strait and spelled the complete failure of the separatist forces .
national reunification and ethnic unity are the basis and conditions on which the chinese nation can excel again and rank among the world 's most advanced .
the latter is never meant to be directed against the taiwan people , but is directed against " pro-taiwan independence " elements and foreign forces of intervention .
he said the chinese government and people express heartfelt admiration for cuba , which has scored great achievements in various fields through its own arduous efforts .
there is only one china in the world , and taiwan is part of china , and china 's territory and sovereignty brook no division .
he said : israel and china have many similarities , which should be used in a better way by learning from each other in many ways .
having gone through the long years , people have come to understand more than ever before how important this doctrine is and how precious peace can be .
facts have proven and will continue to prove that political multipolarity serves world peace and development and conforms to the aspiration of all the peoples .
nevertheless , that tv station did not act in this way and only let annette lu alone engage in wild talk , creating a very bad influence .
even though they still haven 't reached the last judgement day , from their past words and actions i 'm afraid that change will also be difficult .
speaker burg welcomed president jiang for paying a state visit to israel , and said it was his honor to greet president jiang at the knesset .
various facts have time and again exposed the essence of the double standard and hegemonism that the united states promotes with regard to human rights issues .
at the end of the 80s , the " branch davidians , " a violent cult announcing the end of the world , appeared in the united states .
however , what is startling is that the united states today leads the industrialized nations of the west when it comes to the problem of poverty .
to date , the us constitution still has no provisions regarding the principles of ethnic equality , gender equality , and civil and political equality .
the spokesman stressed : the chinese government 's basic principle guiding the settlement of the taiwan issue is " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems . "
this is critical to the party 's and the country 's survival ; it is necessary if we are to establish a socialism with chinese characteristics .
when dr. moustapha saphariny , palestine ambassador to china , met this reporter , he said : " this interview should have been done long time ago . "
in 1998 , after the palestinian national committee announced palestine 's independence in algiers , china was one of the first countries that recognized palestine .
china and palestine have maintained close high-level contacts in the past several decades and this has played a positive and propelling role in developing bilateral friendship and cooperation .
' arafat gave his congratulations on the return of hong kong and macao to china . meanwhile , he reiterated that palestine would firmly pursue a one-china policy .
following the ceremony , the state leaders of the two countries met with both the chinese and foreign media on the scene , and answered their questions .
taiwan 's future lies with the mainland as well as in reunification . unless it is united with the motherland , taiwan will not have a stable status .
all patriotic taiwan compatriots must have a clear understanding of her sinister intentions . they must guard against and oppose any separatist activities in any form .
her political career and her practices strongly suggest that she does not have a minimum of national consciousness of and national feeling for the chinese people .
qurei said : this is the first visit by a chinese president to the land of palestine , which makes us very warm and honored .
all know what the united states and britain are up to . there are ulterior motives behind the " shock " and " concern . "
we must severely punish according to law and discipline those who cause serious consequences by indiscriminate hiring and recruitment in violation of relevant party and state policy regulations .
the fiscal and tax laws and regulations are important rules and systems for standardizing economic order and regulating income distribution , and exercising economic supervision .
we must pay attention to preventing the inappropriate methods arbitrarily adopted by certain localities in tax collection from affecting development of the enterprises and the economy .
the invasion of the us-led nato against the federal republic of yugoslavia [ fry ] a year ago was a concrete implementation of this policy .
the western european countries have jointly formulated human rights legislation and the european court of human rights can impose sanctions against member states which have violated human rights .
in the aspect of concepts of value , the histories and cultures of all nations have all affirmed and appraised people 's life and dignity .
only through continuously learning scientific and cultural knowledge of all subjects can we set up the right ideal and conviction by means of comparison and verification .
jiang zemin said his current visits to israel and palestine come at a time when major changes are taking place in the situation in the middle east region .
any individuals , groups , and organizations have the obligation to observe the laws of countries concerned when engaging in activities enhancing and protecting human rights .
however , to people 's regret , some western countries , in particular the united states , have double standards on the issue of human rights .
the snowline of qilianshan mountain has been continuously retreating by 1 meter a year on average , and with the nearby farm land desertified on a large scale .
protesters gathered in front of the meeting site before dawn to complain against economic globalization for bringing disasters to both poor countries and the environment .
3 . importance must be attached to the distribution of interests in economic globalization , and poor countries and poor people must be better looked after .
judged from the utilization of foreign capital in the last three months , there has been a momentum of improvement in china 's foreign capital utilization .
they have also conducted many beneficial experiments in such areas as supervision and the work of deputies and created a wealth of good experience and practices .
on the afternoon of 17 april , li peng visited the site of xiaolangdi water-control project on huang he , 40 kilometers north of luoyang city .
although the united states exerted tremendous pressure on member states of the human rights commission , no country jointly signed the motion and the anti-china farce was unpopular .
this is the ninth time the united states has failed at geneva in attempts to use the human rights issue to interfere in china 's internal affairs .
this is the ninth anti-china resolution proposed by the united states and some other countries at the commission , and the ninth failure suffered by these countries .
the us attempt to use the human rights issue to interfere in china 's internal affairs at the un commission on human rights was ignominiously defeated again .
the diehard , stubborn , wild , and arrogant features of a " taiwan independence " element have been exposed to the world without any disguise .
when they are under a situation whereby they can no longer truly dispute facts and logic , they will simply act as hooligans and rogues .
nearly 50 people took part in this seminar , which was organized by the fujian yanhuang cultural research association and the fujian taiwan compatriots association .
according to annette lu , opposition to reunification is the mainstream public opinion in taiwan because more than 90 percent of the taiwan people hold such a view .
the current 14th dalai lama , who is now in exile , was anointed with the approval by the then-president of the chinese national government .
facts speak louder than words and justice will always prevail . it is unpopular and will lead to nowhere to create confrontation by exploiting human rights issues .
since the end of the cold war , the united states has plotted anti-china proposals at nine us human rights meetings , and all of them have failed .
i the occurrence of the corruption cases of people like cheng kejie and hu changqing is not accidental , since there is a profound social background .
through deepening the reforms , we should remove in system , mechanism , and management system the soil for the germination and spread of corruption .
now , his excellency the president has also hosted a magnificent welcoming banquet for us , as well as delivering a speech brimming with warmth .
presently , the international situation is going through deep changes . the overall trend is toward detente but the world is still not at peace .
the peoples of our two countries have one after another set off on campaigns of national liberation that shocked the world , and have achieved respective glorious victories .
the chinese government hopes that the us side will effectively abide by the three sino-us joint communiques and related promises in order to avoid damage to sino-us relations .
admiral barrie said that he is glad on frequent mutual visits , cooperation and exchanges between the military of the two countries over the past two years .
against this background , the united states was anxious to find out the actual situation in the central asian countries ' endeavor to move again close to russia .
corruption is the problem generally existed in the current international community . there are corruption problems in developing countries as well as in developed countries .
china upholds the basic policy of " peaceful reunification " and " one china , two systems , " but absolutely will not promise not to use force .
answering a question on why so many people practice falungong in china , liu jing took the opportunity to clarify the lies spread by li hongzhi .
we want to work together with the greeks to open up new areas of cooperation and see that trade between china and greece achieves greater development .
regular contacts have been maintained between the top leaders of the two countries , and both sides share identical or similar views on many major international issues .
this kind of talk both violates legal principles , and goes against the situation of taiwan organizations consistently obtaining visas and operating in hong kong .
only by doing so will the masses actually be able to conduct supervision and will the phenomena of abusing power for personal gains be effectively prevented .
both sides share a common goal of safeguarding the legitimate interests of developing countries and pushing for the building up of a just and reasonable new international order .
taiwan compatriots are an inseparable member of the big family of the motherland , and the compatriots on the two sides are originally of the same family .
despite my short stay in south africa , jiang zemin said , i have personally witnessed the enormous achievements attained by the south african people in recent years .
he came to the attention of russia 's security intelligence departments in 1993 when he entered russia " on business " for the first time .
it is said that the company " has commercial links with research institutions in russia , " and pope often went to russia on business .
" in the early morning of 5 february about 1,200 falungong practitioners , including myself , were taken to the dongcheng detention center in the beijing outskirts .
on 23 january 1990 she resigned ad requested to go to the united states , where she settled that year . she became a us citizen in 1996 .
zhao yanhong said herself that she made contact with " falungong " in 1997 , and started to " practice " " falungong " in march 1999 .
her relatives only knew that she had spent the spring festival of the year of the dragon in beijing when she was deported 10 days later .
there , zhao yanhong claimed to be from beijing , with her family living at no . 12 liulishi , anding gate , dongcheng district .
the two-day-long symposium was conducted in the form of proposal-forwarding sessions and group discussions . several dozens of theses were issued during the course of the meeting .
therefore , the chinese government has proposed to hold the " forum on china-africa cooperation -- beijing ministerial meeting in the year 2000 " in october this year .
today , you have made good your promise by paying a visit to south africa , and to cape town ; and we feel overjoyed and deeply honored .
however , what makes people indignant is that the us state department time and again has stretched its hands to hong kong over this issue .
reporter : although the cross-strait situation is sensitive at the moment , it seems that not many people on the island believe war will break out .
this meeting invited people from the island to come , to tell them , you are politicians , we can deal with various different forces .
shenzhen , 27 april ( xinhua ) -- a symposium on " opposing taiwan independence , safeguarding peace and accelerating reunification " closed here today .
only thus can they improve and ease cross-strait tension and ensure peace above the taiwan strait . 3 . cross-strait relations are at an important juncture .
have faith in the series of principles and policies adopted by the mother mainland on peaceful reunification . these principles and policies are sincere and completely accomplishable .
the indiscriminate bombing of fry oil refineries , chemical plants , pharmaceutical plants and so on has caused pollution and " toxic clouds " over large areas .
such an idea is no more than a pretext for us in violating international law and arrogantly persisting in our controlling and power status . "
zhu rongji fully affirmed the good jobs that these grass-roots organizations are doing in social security work and the role they are playing in maintaining social stability .
the arats 's expression of view was : " both sides of the taiwan strait uphold the one china principle and strive to seek national reunification .
the chinese side believes that with the continuous improvement of sino-indian relations , the joint working group 's work will be able to achieve continuous positive results .
minister yi expressed satisfaction over the successes accomplished in the many cooperation projects that have been established or being carried out between the two countries in recent years .
at the invitation of tang jiaxuan , yi chung-pin and his party arrived in beijing by plane today to begin their official visit in china .
further , when mr. koo visited beijing , jiang zemin and qian qichen personally met with him and the two sides exchanged opinions fully and extensively .
the arats ' description was : " both the two sides of the taiwan strait uphold the one-china principle and strive to seek national reunification .
demirel said : turkey respects china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and opposes any forms of national splittist activities that interfere with the tranquility in other countries .
on information-dependent battlefields in the future , the struggle between the two sides in fighting strength will become a competition in the quality of officers and soldiers .
we extend a lofty salute to the labor models and advanced workers who had made outstanding contributions in reform , opening up , and socialist modernization !
it is necessary to perfect the cadre selection and employment system , and intensify the application of open selection and competition for posts in selecting outstanding young cadres .
it is exactly because of such backbone and soul that the chinese nation can keep growing for 5,000 despite all kinds of hardships and perils .
if problems of this kind cannot be brought under an effective control , the future and fate of our party and our country will prove extremely worrying .
whether we adopt a dogmatist approach or a historical approach towards marxism is an issue of crucial importance to strengthening people 's conviction in marxism .
meanwhile , i have also come to see that to strengthen our conviction in marxism , we should also make repeated comparisons among different theories .
i often ask myself : if deng xiaoping did not safeguard the banner of mao zedong thought in those years , what would become of our society today ?
several air force airports for war preparations and military bases that had originally been closed in south eastern coastal areas reopened due to cross-strait tensions .
li peng , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing , li lanqing and other party and state leaders attended the commendation meeting .
according to analysis by military observers , this is an adaptation move adopted by the us navy for attaining its strategy of developing from sea to land .
in the world today , the united states has a full range of " hi-tech , precision , and sophisticated " military technology and weaponry .
personnel cultivation is a type of arduous and detailed work ; everybody has the responsibility to cultivate personnel , and everyone has the responsibility to create talent .
we should particularly point out that the militarist force inside japan has become more arrogant as japan uses its utmost effort to expand its military might .
however , in the eye of annette lu , a scum of the nation , this was a day of " extreme injustice and absurdity . "
on march 8 , the yingkou import / export company made another customs declaration , applying to bayuquan customs to export 16.8 tons of edible salt to japan .
[ 0200 ] on the 9th , they discovered that the 100 kilos of white crystals packed in seven of the cardboard boxes was not edible salt .
yu liegui indicated : during the past two years of the three-year difficulty-relief work , the state finance has been providing funds and policy guarantees for the work .
in spite of the aforementioned measures , the capital adequacy ratio of the state-owned commercial banks still did not reach the level approved by the international banking industry .
without a unified yardstick , the condition of exercising supervision at will and case-to-case bargaining ( yi dui yi tao jia huan jia ) will easily emerge .
i think we should pay attention to the following aspects : -- mobilize deposits and make rational allocation of the large amount of deposit resources .
all this has demonstrated that the importance of the large-sized commercial banks no longer manifests itself in the government 's direct control of the deposit resources .
over the past 20 years , western china has been presented with many strategic opportunities but has not been able to spur widespread development in the west .
as integrated circuits concern economic development and national security , we should promote integrated circuits development by integrating the state will with a market mechanism .
at present , despite full-capacity operation and an excellent situation of production in our integrated circuits sector , we have still failed to meet the market demand .
a responsible official in the city government says that a batch of documents on procedures related to approval and unreasonable fees will also be abolished .
so far as the scale structure is concerned , a number of non-public enterprises with a large scale and abundant strength should be developed in some sections .
it is impossible to win the game if we bind the hands and feet of our enterprises and then have them fight against foreign " heavyweight boxers . "
the availability of options in virtual reality also reflects in the fact that theories can be tested and verified to provide basis for developing and creating new theories .
the integration , coordination and effectiveness of information operations have determined the necessity of establishing an integrated command and control organ to keep pace with information operations .
however , data is only a quantitative description of the digitized battlefield , it is required for computers to take part in assisting in combat decisions .
if this figure is less than 20 per cent , then this shows clearly the rationality of its foreign debt structure . the contrary presages danger .
foreign currency reserves are ten times the amount of short-term foreign debt , indicating that china still has quite a strong ability to repay debt .
although this can completely dispel people doubts about china ability to repay debts , this does not mean that china foreign debt status is completely satisfactory .
fourth , earnestly sum up the successful experience drawn in conducting education in the " three represents " and apply the experience in the party 's routine activities .
the recent hostage crisis in sierra leone , a small country in western africa , created a great sensation , becoming a major focal point of worldwide concern .
the only way to do this is to practice " falungong " to " climb to a higher level " , ultimately achieving " satisfaction " .
under the influence of this trend of thought , a great deal of quality arms and equipment which had not yet come into service was rapidly discarded .
the chengdu development zone has promised that the entire process for domestic enterprises takes only seven workdays and that for foreign-funded enterprises , 10 workdays .
the authors of marxist classic works also made many expositions on the relationship between the building of a proletarian political party and a social and cultural development .
from january to april , yunnan uncovered 23 cases of this type , seizing 38 tons of chemicals that can be easily be made into drugs .
speaking of relations on both sides of the taiwan straits , lee teng-hui line was a path of national territorial splittism and striving for " taiwan independence . "
this seems to give people a topsy turvy feeling ; was it perhaps a mistaken choice by the taiwan people to see lee teng-hui step down ?
over the past few years , china issued about 100 billion yuan worth of additional construction bonds each year , which is a very prudent action .
but the aforementioned wording reverses the premises and conditions for the use of force and attempts to blame the possible use of force on china .
the important thinking on " three represents " is the foundation of our party , the basis of our rule , and the source of our strength .
as the cpc 's important leader in the ideological front , comrade hu qiaomu was a staunch fighter with strong party spirit and a firm stand .
following the third plenary session of the 11th party central committee , comrade hu qiaomu directly guided the major projects in the new china 's publication history .
he was the director of the general editorial board of " china encyclopedia " as well as the initiator of " contemporary china book series " .
comrade hu qiaomu pointed out : literature and art reflects the socialist content of our social life , and this is an inevitable requirement of history .
on the other hand , viewed from the angle of the development of the capital market , the entry of insurance funds is also indispensable .
li , however , felt he had been wrongly accused because he knew nothing about it . this resulted in an enormous spiritual pressure on him .
to prevent him from trying to kill himself again if he should lose control over himself , the department concerned sent special people to protect him .
we must base our answers and solutions to these problems on our military realities , must adhere to materialist dialectics and must prevent being one-sided and metaphysical .
however , the advocacy of globalization by western politicians does not mean that globalization is a blessing to the west and a disaster to the east .
meanwhile , the new economy has greatly widened the income gap between employees with a higher educational background and those who have never received higher education .
the objective trend of globalization is calling for international cooperation on a global scale , and a global cooperation has far exceeded the scope of the economy .
it should be noted , however , that strengthening our ideals and convictions remains a very practical and urgent task in ideological and political construction .
even if the military weaponry and equipment of developed countries have already gradually moved toward informationization , military theory and military structure have not shown any qualitative change .
china 's military should refer to the experience of others and use new mechanisms to promote the priority completion of the informationization leap by leaders at all levels .
china 's military should become adept at using computer networks and advanced simulation and scenario methods to complete the informationization leap at the " pre-reality line . "
to realize a leap in military training , the most fundamental issue is that contemporary training methods should mainly employ measures that use informationization training .
yet , the taiwan leader took an evasive and vague position [ on the one-china principle ] in his speech ; this was an obvious retrogression .
on the border issue , zhang qiyue said : the issue on borders between china and india is a complicated one left over from history .
china hopes that when reconsidering the treaty , relevant sides will be prudent and consider the impact of the treaty on the disarmament process of the whole world .
it is reported that the supreme people 's procuratorate will also issue a circular soon prohibiting mainland procuratorial personnel from going to hong kong and investigating cases there .
regardless of its aims or however high-sounding its reasons are , war can always do the biggest harm to freedom , democracy , and human rights . "
by pushing " one china " to the future , the speech simply aims to leave room for further putting off the settlement of the taiwan issue .
peace is not the highest goal we have already " heard his words , " and next we need to " judge him by his deeds . "
-- improve legal consultation service to the government , actively popularize chunan experience , and establish the legal consultation system at the county and township level .
whether china can join the wto or not , it will further open up to the outside world on the existing basis in accordance with its own timetable .
the bilateral relations have developed rapidly , and the development of the relations between the two armed forces has been satisfactory since the two countries established diplomatic relations .
with comprehensive agricultural development being the state 's strategic measure to support and protect agricultural development , we must carry out the work closely around agricultural structural readjustment .
it has been learned : the bill contains conditions that interfere in china 's internal affairs on the excuse of human rights and other issues .
the chinese government has made solemn representation to the us government and explicitly declared that it is strongly opposed to the articles and that these articles are unacceptable .
however , the officials of the guangzhou city people 's air-defense office say that in case of war , air-defense facilities should of course play their original role .
a major reason for this is that these leading cadres have slackened their efforts to remold their world outlook and deviated from the revolutionary integrity of communists . "
hence , consciously adhering to the revolutionary integrity and keeping honest and clean constitute a major task that must be fulfilled by leading cadres at all levels .
the prc was established in 1949 . this was the historic choice of the chinese people on the question of the right to represent china .
the attendees also expressed their determination to oppose " taiwan independence " and to promote reunification and their strong wish to materialize the motherland 's reunification .
over the years , adherence to the one-china principle has been a common stand of and the foundation of cooperation between the two sides of the strait .
business circles have vigorously pushed the pntr bill . reports say that us commercial circles have spent $ 8 million on tv and radio advertising for the bill .
the third meeting for the economic and trade sub-committee under the committee for regular meetings of the premiers of china and russia was held in moscow recently .
in answering a reporter 's question at today 's news briefing , zhang qiyue said : china currently is making positive efforts to formally accede to the wto .
heads of state of the eight countries will hold their annual meeting . china hopes that they will not do anything to interfere in china 's internal affairs .
to this , zhang qiyue reiterated : china hopes japan will draw on deep lessons from the history and prevent from following the same old disastrous road .
the spokesperson indicated that , at present , the unsc is examining lebanon-related issues , such as the sending of un peacekeeping troops to lebanon .
bilateral economic cooperation , including allowing market entry , patent rights , private investment , and joint ventures , will rise to a higher level .
clinton 's desire to do away with the " mfn card " which certain congressmen had played for 10 years was an extremely arduous political project .
they made suggestions on how government officials should openly show themselves , how to plan various moves , and how to answer congressmen 's questions .
second , the passage of pntr also represents us interests during the course of pursuing development of sino-us relations by the us government and society .
zhu feng said : the pntr bill is a continuation of the bilateral wto access agreement signed by china and the united states on 15 november 1999 .
according to the wto bilateral trade regulations , the united states should grant pntr to china , and this is an inescapable duty of the clinton administration .
egyptian president mubarak sent a cable congratulating lebanese leaders and calling the israeli military withdrawal an important step toward realizing peace in the middle east .
it should be said that most cadres of our party did attach importance to ideological and political work , and did make efforts in their work .
however , this is limited to practitioners who are truly dedicated to their self-cultivation . just sitting there does not make you a practitioner of self-cultivation .
attending the meeting are some 200 representatives from 22 countries and regions , including ministers , other officials , experts , academics , and business people .
if he believes that adopting an evasive and vague attitude toward the one china principle can allow him to slip by in confusion , this is absolutely impossible .
with a house of representatives general election imminent , the negative impact for yoshio mori of the " divine nation " theory is still expanding .
the key to the problem , however , is what is his real intention in producing this thesis and in still sticking to it today ?
meanwhile , he only recognized himself as " a son of taiwan " but did not mention a single word at all about his being chinese .
in his inaugural speech , chen shui-bian sang the praises of lee teng-hui [ li denghui ] and sedulously hinted that he was lee teng-hui line 's inheritor .
according to estimates , the tax reform policy currently being implemented across anhui province is reducing peasants ' burden by over 50 percent in some localities .
on issues that concern the fundamental interests of the chinese nation , the chinese people have never wavered ; nor have they ever been ambivalent .
in his speech , zhu rongji first expounded on the importance , necessity , and urgency of speeding up the building of the social security system .
time waits for no man . thus , the building of this system cannot be delayed ; otherwise , there will be greater risks and difficulties .
this year , we should strive to have old-age insurance premiums fully , instead of partially , paid by individuals and basically socialize the payment of old-age pensions .
he said : we always stress that global stability and prosperity will be out of the question if there is no stability and prosperity in africa .
the new komeito secretary general and the new conservative party secretary general also expressed their parties ' positive commitment to promote friendly and cooperative japanese-chinese ties .
he expressed the hope that the two countries will continue their efforts to promote the new development of their relations in the 21st century unceasingly .
it is said that the action included banning the media from reporting news about chang hui-mei , and not broadcasting advertisements for her free of charge .
yohei kono pledged to continuously promote exchanges between the youngsters of the two countries and to enable increasingly more japanese youngsters to visit and understand china .
accused wu yunduan participated in activities of the " falungong " cult in hefei that incited people into attacking press units on 12 june 1998 .
no matter how the new taiwan leader polished and packaged his statements , he could not hide his nature of a " taiwan independence " element .
you come under attack when you fall behind , and reality is forcing china 's aviation industry to launch a new assault , another tight encirclement .
obviously , relying on networks to combine high , medium , and low performance weapons in a timely manner is a necessary choice for equipment development .
" it all depends on the locomotive for the train to run fast . " and the party branches are the " locomotives " of grassroots units .
through the asian financial crisis , people have seen the complexity of economic globalization and the damage that may be brought about through inappropriate countermeasures .
this is because participation in the process of international division of labor and economic globalization is a process of using and exchanging relative advantages in a wider area .
third , only when participating in the process of international division of labor and economic globalization can a country raise its values and accumulate wealth .
during his later years , when he was frail and sick , he still made personal efforts to raise disaster-relief funds for earthquake- and flood-stricken areas .
when the taiwan leader delivered his first policy speech , it originally could be the opportunity for taiwan authorities to return to the one-china principled stance .
people still vividly remember the calamities brought about by all the aggressive and unrighteous wars which served the private gains of a small number of people .
i for one assume that the basic cause of the current lack of consumer demand in china is our country 's current system of income distribution .
according to incomplete statistics , china 's high level institutions possess 70 percent of china 's high technology results , and are an important pillar underlying technical innovation .
li peng said : as the two largest developing countries in asia and the world as well , china and india share similar experiences in contemporary history .
over the past half century since the two countries established diplomatic relations , the mainstream of bilateral relations remains good-neighborly and friendly , despite some setbacks .
the india-china friendly and cooperative relations have witnessed constant development under the guidance of the five principles of peaceful co-existence since the two countries established diplomatic ties .
chi haitian said that china is willing to work with thailand to make contribution to promoting mutual trust and friendship and strengthening exchanges and cooperation .
this is a continuation of li denghui [ lee teng-hui ] theory of playing moses to lead taiwan out of egypt . the implication is clear .
however , we feel that this infers not that he wishes to solve the reunification problem , but that he wants to " jump outside the ring . "
these three principles did not mention attitudes within taiwan , and this evoked a strong reaction from the people first party ; afterwards he made a readjustment .
secretary of state albright visited russia in january this year ; russian foreign minister ivanov visited the united states in april ; and berger visited russia in may .
the united states maintained that the nmd would only be used against a few " rogue countries " and would not weaken russia 's nuclear deterrent .
jesse helms , chairman of the senate committee on foreign relations , even threatened to veto any new disarmament agreements clinton might reach with russia .
when questioned by this paper about this information , the security bureau spokesman said he would not comment on matters relating to intelligence or actions .
the official indicated that all the five mainlanders are civilians and that he hoped that taiwan will send them back to their families as soon as possible .
speaking to the press after attending the ceremony for the signing of a memorandum of sino-cuban cooperation in information and telecommunications , castro made the above remark .
the chinese delegation , led by wu jichuan , which arrived in cuba on 27 may for an official visit , also will visit brazil .
by taking up the minor issue to evade the major one , he lost his bearing not only as a statesman but as a regional leader as well .
the " three ifs " have been made known to the world . the basic logical order is taiwan independence comes before the use of force .
on another hand , mother mainland also has the firm determination and made the necessary preparations to resolutely stop " taiwan independence " and all splittist activities .
it is expected that the cross-strait relations will impossibly take a turn for the better owing to chen shui-bian 's intentional evasion of the one-china principle .
moreover , in his inaugural speech , chen shui-bian did not mention these two issues , which the people on all fronts expected and thought to be realized .
he said : " over the past one hundred plus years , china has suffered imperialist aggression , which left indelible wounds in her history .
one can see from this that right from the start " taiwan independence " activities had deep origins in " democracy and human rights . "
it is exactly because of this that chen shui-bian repeatedly strummed this magical notes of " democracy " on 30 occasions in his inaugural speech .
the entrance of humanity into the modern technological age is just that short , just an eyeblink compared with the past and future of humans .
the group army has attached importance to selecting and training personnel in specialized fields and selected young and outstanding technological cadres into leading bodies at all levels .
russia takes a tough stance in order to deploy nmd , the united states must persuade russia to agree to revise the antiballistic missile treaty .
at that time , the arats expressed : " both sides of the strait jointly uphold the one-china principle and strive to seek national reunification .
in their respective expressions , the arats and the sef explicitly promised each other that they would uphold the one-china principle and seek national reunification .
in 1895 , japan coerced the qing government into signing the unequal " treaty of shimonoseki " through a war of aggression and forcibly occupied taiwan .
this system is different from the multiparty system or two-party system of the western countries , and also different from some countries ' single-party system .
cross-strait trade volume increased to $ 20.5 billion in 1998 from the $ 76 million in 1979 , averaging an annual growth rate as high as 36.1 percent .
it is foreseeable that the motherland 's reunification will provide taiwan 's economic and social lives with an even more secure and stable political environment .
most of such leading cadres have served in the armed forces for decades and experienced the tests of various political and military struggles and social storms .
one important practical problem leading cadres often encounter is how to properly deal with our cause and with personal fame , gain , and status .
leaders of the two countries unanimously held that sino-dprk friendship was personally founded and nurtured by proletarian revolutionaries of the older generation of the two countries .
however , the development of the relevant situation in taiwan following 20 may shows that the taiwan authorities have no sincerity in engaging in cross-strait dialogue and talks .
lee teng-hui [ lee tenghui ] had failed to overturn the one-china principle . likewise , the current taiwan authorities cannot overturn the one-china principle .
upon receipt of that letter , the sef immediately and openly declared that the two organizations had reached the " one china with different interpretation " consensus .
she said : leaders of the two countries will exchange views on sino-russian relations and other issues of mutual interest during putin 's china trip .
educational administrative departments should include the young pioneers ' work in the overall arrangement of the school work and help the young pioneers play a more positive role .
the party and people extend their thanks and respects to you and will certainly care about you and give support to you in all respects .
all these indicate that deng xiaoping 's reform and opening up policy is accurate . the party and government of the dprk support this policy .
state-owned enterprises which move into international management under such conditions will similarly lack efficiency and international competitiveness , and it will be difficult for them to succeed .
the so-called " rationale of the one-china principle no longer exists " following the kmt 's ouster is only a pipe dream of annette lu .
recently , the leader of taiwan changed , and everybody expected an opportunity to " see another village after walking in the woods for a long time . "
and these so-called " facts " are always hard to investigate , and some of them are just fabricated by the person who talks about them .
however , this peace treaty only stipulated that japan gave up its sovereignty over taiwan without clearly stipulating that sovereignty over taiwan belongs to china .
people who have some historic knowledge know the historic background of the ridiculous statement concerning the theory that " taiwan 's status is undetermined . "
following normalization of sino-us relations , the united states , the evil initiator of the theory , had long ago thrown the theory into the historical garbage dump .
jing shuping and zhou tienong expressed the hope that xinjiang will emphasize the development and effective use of water resources in the large-scale development of the western region .
the acreage sown to the lower-quality northern spring wheat , southern early long-grain non-glutinous rice and wheat , and overstocked corn is all down somewhat .
once china joins the wto , our farm product market competition will grow sharper , with quality continuing to affect china 's farm product competitiveness .
when suitably adjusting our grain acreage , we need to fully consider local resource terms and production features , and the nation 's regional division of labor .
he opined that the massive enterprise relocation has created extremely favorable conditions for readjusting the economic structure and implementing modern enterprise systems in the reservoir region .
chen shui-bian also deliberately disclosed to the media that he was arranging an exclusive personal office in the " presidential palace " for peng ming-min .
in which state of affairs , the dpp adjusted its tactics again , refining its stand from " overt independence " to " covert independence . "
the exercise is conducted in fuqing in zhangzhou , changle and lianjiang in fuzhou , luoyuan , and the upper reaches of minjiang , respectively .
he stressed that a basis exists for settling even such complicated and sensitive issue as revising the " anti-ballistic missiles treaty " [ " abm treaty " ] .
the " three represents " is a dialectical unity of closely related elements . we must study , understand , and implement it in an all-round way .
in 1999 , the united states became more adamant in seeking to get the treaty abrogated , and has adopted both soft and hard approaches toward russia .
such being the case , why is the united states sparing no efforts exaggerating " it 's being threatened " and wanting to deploy willfully the nmd ?
these major breakthroughs in science and technology had a significant impact on the development of global science and technology and productive forces both at that time and thereafter .
our policy measures and ideological concepts along with our work methods must be adapted to these changes and continue to develop and bravely make innovations .
this should become the important guiding ideology for our promotion of scientific and technological innovation , knowledge innovation , and all other aspects of innovation .
in the new century , we must put modernization into effect , realize the glorious re-emergence of the chinese people , and shoulder heavy responsibilities .
prior to the meeting , jiang zemin and other party and state leaders cordially met with academicians of the two academies and academicians with foreign nationalities .
in addition , while answering our call , an official of the hunan provincial post and telecommunications bureau confirmed that " something has happened to him . "
since this is true , is it even better for the us and russia to jointly develop a guiding missile defense system to deal with the common threat ?
party schools at the central , provincial , prefectural and county levels must properly grasp the training or training in turn of cadres at corresponding levels .
under this situation , the two countries began their arduous talks on the issue of amending the abm treaty at the united states ' request .
4 . the two sides reiterate that they will cooperate closely in international organizations , especially in the united nations , on the basis of equality in sovereignty .
whether the current " three stresses " education campaign can really achieve these objectives depends on the work of rectification and correction as the key and final determinant .
huang ju first extended his congratulations to yi man-sop on his election . he also conveyed to him cordial greetings from president jiang zemin and chairman li peng .
having met with arafat on 6 june , albright declared that arafat is going to visit the united states on 14 june and to hold talks with clinton .
but , it is still difficult to predict whether a breakthrough can be made in the upcoming palestinian-israeli talks in washington and the upcoming palestinian-us summit .
the questions of vital importance to bilateral relations at present are the nmd and the abm , as well as negotiations on the third-stage disarmament .
second , russia maintained that even if russia reached an agreement with clinton , it would be possible to hold talks with a new , tougher president .
no sooner had clinton left russia than putin rushed to rome to begin lobbying for the establishment of a missile defense system for a united europe .
the detachment gives additional support in the various aspects of time , space , equipment , and educational forces , thus raising the effectiveness of single-ship complete training .
the forum preparatory committee chairman is cppcc chairman ye xuanping , and the vice chairmen are cppcc vice chairmen song jian , chen jinhua , and luo haocai .
beijing , june 8 ( zxs ) -- chinese president jiang zemin had a conversation with russian president putin on the hotline phone by appointment this afternoon .
since heads of state and key officials were expected to pour in to offer condolences , tokyo imposed traffic controls to ensure safety from 6 june .
as people in the taiwan authorities have publicly called hong kong a separate country , can the hong kong government not forward the above request ?
taking the opportunity of putin 's election as the country 's new president , russia has made public its new military strategy and its foreign policy successively .
on the evening of 6 june , after barak announced these five conditions on israeli television , the conditions were immediately refused by the palestinian side .
to this end , the palestinians pressed israel to scrupulously abide by the principle of land-for-peace , and reiterated the importance of implementation of un resolution 242 .
meanwhile , it also invited psychology professors to give lectures and conducted simulated training to help the pilots participating in the training surmount the psychological block .
after world war ii , the ways wars are fought have changed many times , and they have now evolved into conventional high-tech regional wars .
an important feature of the information-dominated weapons is their system attributes . this is to say that future warfare will be one of systems versus systems .
our research on the tactical use of the chinese air force 's new weaponry would be aimless if it is separated from thoroughly researching future battle conditions .
meanwhile , science and technology also constitute important cornerstones for enhancing spiritual civilization construction and important contents for building a socialist culture with chinese characteristics .
in the future , as soon as a situation occurs , the chinese people will rely on their glorious historical tradition to put down any interference .
vice researcher wang guoxian of the research center for peace and development spoke at the workshop , saying the taiwanese people wanted stability and were afraid of chaos .
all the chinese troops stationed in the dprk withdrew in the late 1950s , but there are still 37,000 us troops stationed in the rok .
beyond all expectations , however , while people were busy making preparations for the pilgrimage , the new taiwan authorities made a big shift of their stance .
beijing , 12 jun ( xinhua ) -- prc president jiang zemin today sent a message of congratulations to russian president putin on russia 's national day .
nearly 600 south korean enterprises have engaged in trade activities with the dprk , and the number of commodities trading between the two sides has exceeded 500 .
we must strengthen coordination and management of the use of water in the river basins , and take overall consideration for the water requirements of all sectors .
building socialism with chinese characteristics is our party 's historic mission , and emancipating and developing the productive forces is the fundamental task of socialism .
our party has engaged in deep-going reflection and exploration on these questions from various angles , and has answered them by its own practical action .
second , insofar as the situation on the korean peninsula itself is concerned , the north-south summit is bound to further ease tension on the peninsula .
regarding the development trend , information-based wars will gradually replace machinery-based wars from the era of industrialization and become the new basic form of wars .
for the first five months , enterprise deposits were up 196.1 billion yuan , up more than 187.7 billion yuan from the same time in 1999 .
this was the scene of a recent drill organized by the pla tianjin garrison , aiming to promote the city 's self-help ability under an air raid .
for example , how to use civilian ports to rapidly and safely transport all kinds of heavy equipment is a difficult question which has been puzzling this division .
to meet the needs of the times , we must have a sufficient number of capable personnel who have developed themselves comprehensively and have the pioneering spirit .
i hope that both sides will energetically explore ways to further strengthen friendship and cooperation and to constantly push forward friendship and cooperation between china and botswana .
whether this war has done any good to anybody is a question to be pondered by the international community , including the vast majority of european countries .
china is developing closer and closer economic ties with other countries . so far it has established trade relations with over 220 countries and regions .
the system of a people 's congress stemming from chinese soil was established and is being constantly perfected to reflect the actual conditions in china .
meanwhile , reform in industrial injury and child birth insurance is being deepened , thereby laying down a good foundation for establishing a sound social security system .
the chinese navy twice test-fired laser artillery for intercepting low-flying missiles in the qinghai-xizang plateau in early june this year and in august last year .
actively provide information on the international market to give enterprises in the western area a quicker and more accurate understanding of the situation in the international market .
economic globalization is a natural outcome of world economic development as well as the external environment for the economic development of all countries in the future .
on the contrary , as soon as the gun smoke of war dissipated , they immediately plunged themselves in the fiery struggle to rebuild their homeland .
even in 1999 when the fry suffered the bombing , its agricultural output value still increased by nearly 3 percentage points as compared with the preceding year .
therefore , it is predicted that the arranged visit to beijing this time will have certain influence on hong kong business circles ' entering the market in china .
however , with the blockades set up one after another by the " blue army , " only 11 vehicles arrived at the designated points finally .
as all know , with the democratic progressive party coming to power following the taiwan area election this year , taiwan is experiencing an unprecedented political upheaval .
modern sciences and technologies are now developing very rapidly . disciplines are highly divided . but different disciplines do infiltrate each other , and new disciplines emerge constantly .
at times , one case has prompted written comments from a number of leaders . just this year there have been 31 sets of written comments .
just four days after the case arose , the principal culprit chen jianguo was apprehended , and after that five other criminals all fell into the net .
the " seminar " format was used again later , becoming the smack of a heavy mallet in the fight against pornography and illegal publications .
however , the barbaric war did not frighten the yugoslav people with the glorious tradition of fighting aggression . they did not lose hope over the future .
the chinese government has always upheld the one-china principle and opposed the use of the two germany or two korea formulas in the handling of the taiwan question .
under this situation , the successful convocation of the npt review conference will produce positive impacts on the future orientation of the international arms control situation .
there is no need for unilaterally emphasizing the prevention of nuclear proliferation and export control , or even impeding proper peaceful nuclear cooperation between countries .
at the same time , kaohsiung , taichung , putai and other taiwan ports have already preparations for the opening of " three direct links . "
originally , al- assad had hoped to groom his eldest son basil to become his successor . but basil was killed in an auto accident in 1994 .
at present , there is no " power vacuum " in a syria without al-assad . transfer of state power is proceeding in an orderly manner in syria .
the three cabinet ministers accompanying kim t 'ae-chung were finance and economic minister yi , reunification minister park , and culture and tv minister park .
it " reflects the aspiration of the south and the north as one nation in their hope to create a basis for coexistence and common prosperity . "
washington analysts believe in all seriousness that the role played by the united states on the korean peninsula will inevitably change if there is north-south reconciliation .
it has been showed clearly by the facts mentioned above that china 's feeble agriculture is never within the vision of the mainstream international community .
good songs can " improve one 's morals , beautify and educate people , and change social trends " in a gradual and subtle manner .
" roundup " by hong kong-based staff reporter zhong min : " china 's economy expected to grow in sustained way in coming 20 years . "
the dprk-rok summit in p 'yongyang riveted the attention of people on both the north and south of the korean peninsula and elicited warm reaction from them .
the two sides have enhanced mutual understandings and reached a five-point agreement on such major issues as independently resolving national reunification . they also issued a joint declaration .
at the same time , public and private sectors should both bear due responsibility for bringing the positive effects of financial globalization into full play .
li yizhong disclosed that the large foreign corporations have already occupied a relatively big portion of china 's domestic market in terms of technological exploitation and market development .
as one of the industries obtaining government policy support over the years , the petrochemical industry has been the pillar industry of china 's national economy .
we should forcefully step up ideological and political work , properly educate and manage party members , and enable them to play a model and leading role .
the suibi magazine is a serious literary journal which enjoys a fairly extensive influence in the intellectual and cultural circles in china 's mainland areas .
we have made preparations for the direct " three links " and are ready to hold talks with the taiwan authorities under the one china principle .
china 's peaceful reunification will surely become a reality under such a general climate , and this is something that no force can ever resist .
apart from that , all kinds of other factors have affected syria in obtaining economic aid and investment from the wealthy gulf states and from the west .
in the face of danger , difficulty and grim test , he always placed the interests of the party and people in the first place .
he was content in working at higher or lower level , always assumed heavy tasks in all posts , and worked for the party without complaints .
china will play a constructive role in the formulation and perfection of its multilateral trade regulations and actively participate in the new round of wto negotiations .
croatia enjoys advantages in the pharmaceutical , machine-building , and tourism industry , and so our two countries may establish cooperation projects in these areas .
racan said : at present , croatia is confronted with many economic and social problems and its first and foremost task is to develop the economy .
he said : china , being engaged in large-scale modernization , hopes for an international environment and surrounding environment that stay peaceful for a long period .
this conference has provided a forum for participants from all over the world to communicate and to exchange ideas and views with each other . "
in his speech , ketumile masire pointed out : mutual understanding and peace of the world is the prerequisite and basis for the success of economic globalization .
the chinese government is now looking into relevant rules , regulations , and systems to guide , promote , regulate , and guarantee the healthy development of science .
we are now directly facing information from all quarters , but one point must be ensured , that is , all the facts should not be distorted .
in late may , lee teng-hui published a book entitled " taiwan 's proposal , " advocating " the theory of breaking china into seven blocs . "
for this , the chinese government appeals to the taiwan government to take concrete measures and go through political negotiations to push the progress of peaceful unification .
xinjiang 's mineral resources are large in quantities , and it has 122 of the 152 different varieties of minerals already discovered in the country .
take asian countries and china for example . their development has benefited from economic globalization , but they have also been subject to the latter 's tremendous impacts .
so , that is how it is . li hongzhi himself is the so-called " super life . " to put it bluntly , he is god .
these living facts provide a positive and powerful proof that li hongzhi 's fallacies are exactly the spiritual trash that we have to get rid of .
the leading cadres at all levels must profoundly appreciate the importance and the spiritual essence of the central regulation and enhance awareness of implementing it .
the jinan military region , the nanjing military region , the navy and the air force have organized special investigations on the situation of building grass-roots units .
they are working hard in the following three respects : -- they are doing a solid work in conducting the " three represents " education by positive examples .
the large-scale development of the western region is a massive , complicated project , which calls for long-term , arduous efforts by people in various circles .
the exemplary models of ideological and political work that the central propaganda department has commended at one time or another this year have fully proved this point .
li peng , in a written statement he issued at the airport , said : the chinese and slovak peoples are traditionally friendly to one another .
i am here to visit your country with the intention to promote understanding , build trust , enhance friendship , and deepen cooperation between the two countries .
according to his statement , from 1997 to now , the " fu an hao " participated in smuggling people five times , and he participated four times .
the good " tip " sealed shen lingeng 's mouth and made him unable to resist doing it , even though he knew smuggling is against the law .
the advanced ideology and culture is the quintessence of the human civilization and progress and is the spiritual drive and intellectual support for pushing forward the social history .
at that time , the most heard slogan was " please rest assured , the party central committee " and " please rest assured , chairman jiang . "
on the other hand , the values of young officers and men are becoming diversified , and this is a realistic question for us to discuss .
narcotics also cause the spread of various contagious diseases such as aids , venereal diseases , and hepatitis to seriously harm the physical and mental health of mankind .
the one china principle is the basis and premise for peaceful reunification , and opposition to separation and to " taiwan independence " is our unswerving stance .
besides , the presidential election , held once every four years , has a direct influence on the united states ' domestic and foreign policies .
they have vowed to block clinton from continuing to work this way and prevent him from accomplishing anything in his final few months in office .
a labor service company under a certain private-run enterprise in fuzhou jingan district helped the old man 's son obtain a tourist visa to yugoslavia .
only by continuing to abide by the " anti-ballistic missile treaty " and further promoting nuclear disarmament will it be possible to fundamentally ensure true security .
the establishment and improvement of socialist system is a historical process and it is impossible to expect for a smooth sailing at its initial stage .
we must consistently take marxism-leninism , mao zedong thought , and deng xiaoping theory as our guide , and there can be no wavering whatever on this point .
at the same time , we must also carry out new exploration in accordance with new practice and continually put forward new theoretical guidance for practice .
as a result of more than 20 years of reform and development , china has successively achieved the first and second-stage strategic targets of modernization .
some experts pointed out that the biggest challenge to china 's advertising industry after its entry into the wto will come from international multinational advertising companies .
as a result , the launch of this campaign has promoted honest practice of leading cadres as well as cut down a great deal of expenditure .
zhu bangzao said : the dalai is not just a religious figure , but is also a political refugee engaged in activities to split up the motherland .
he said that the consensus reached by the two associations in 1992 is recorded as a historical document , and the mainland has not imposed it on anyone .
on the morning of 15 june , jiang zemin presided over the rural grassroots level party building work forum held at the village party branch conference room .
general secretary jiang zemin arrived at the vegetable sheds of the shigangdun agriculture hi-tech demonstration garden , run by zhangye modern younian company limited , for a visit .
forty-three years have passed and the couple , who loved this piece of land , are still dedicating themselves to the education cause in the west .
following the heated and cordial conversation , jiang zemin bid farewell to the two teachers and once again exhorted them to take care of their health .
we should be mentally prepared for a long-term hard struggle . in the meantime , we should have a sense of urgency and race against time .
in the cultural and artistic fields , we should advocate the free development of different schools and styles , and the contention of all types of artistic views .
the new illustrated edition , the popular edition , and the reprinted edition went on sale from national day last year to january this year .
wang huapeng , director of the copyright section of the press and publications administration , made this comparison : very many people understand about protecting the natural environment .
many households are willing to spend several thousand yuan on a computer , but are not willing to spend about another 100 yuan on genuine software .
the state of protection for ipr and a sound legal environment are more and more becoming preconditions for international trade and for importing foreign investment .
if our own innovation capability cannot improve , and we go on depending on technology imports , it will forever be difficult to extricate ourselves from technological backwardness .
of countermeasures , there are the issues of how to deal with challenges as well as the issues of how to take advantage of opportunities .
we may say that many countries open up their economies so as to adapt themselves to and to take advantage of the opportunities brought by economic globalization .
the former practice is mainly to " send charcoal in snowy weather , " while the latter practice is mainly to " add flowers to the brocade . "
people will ask , where was the " goodwill " if the existence of a consensus already reached between the two sides of the strait was denied ?
besides beijing , president khatami and his delegation visited urumqi and kashigar of the xinjiang uygur autonomous region and the hong kong special administrative region .
another significance of the meeting between north and south korean leaders is their emphasis on relying on the korean nation 's own capability to accomplish reunification .
he said : since independence , azerbaijan has carried out some reforms and encountered many difficulties as its economy is still in a stage of recovery .
we sincerely hope for peace and stability in the outer caucasus region and also hope that all countries in the region will live in harmony and develop together .
chairman li peng 's current visit is another important event in the relations of the two countries after the visit of president aliyev to china .
your visit here in the capacity of a leader of a major power of the world is of great significance to the relations between our two countries .
the british government has laid stress not only on developing economic and trade relations with china , but also on developing sound political relations with china .
only by conducting strategic dialogue and strengthening cooperation with each other can the two countries effectively deal with and resolve flash points issues in the region .
concerning the taiwan issue and the prospects of cross-strait relations , which the american guests were concerned about , qian qichen restated china 's long-held principled stand .
organized illegal immigration is a global transnational criminal activity , and the vast profits to be gained are about the same as those from drugs trafficking .
due , however , to the fact that the criminal activities of the " snakeheads " are actually a type of transnational crime , international cooperation is required .
according to the cultural anthropological point of view , the superior culture will always dominate or customarily try to dominate the process of different cultural exchanges .
the " three links " agenda have become a strong agenda of the taiwan public . it is no longer easy to continue to deceive the public .
the military will establish national defense scholarship at regular schools of higher learning , and students receiving the scholarship should work in the military after graduation .
it is imperative to safeguard the sanctity of policies and systems , strengthen supervision and inspection , and resolutely guard against and overcome unhealthy trends in work .
before the north-south summit meeting , what the united states was most concerned about was it would be dragged into any military clashes erupted on the korean peninsula .
the united states is not too happy about that because this shows that china 's and russia 's influences over the korean issue are on the rise .
it was soon after hong kong passed the historical turning point of returning to the motherland that this territory experienced the formidable impact of the asia financial storm .
china has always attached importance to the friendly relations and cooperation with kiribati and the chinese people have also treasured the traditional friendship with the kiribati people .
it is fair to say that the " three stresses " education has promoted the on-going reform , development , stability , and work in all areas .
everyone should fully realize that conducting intensive education in the " three stresses " at the county ( city ) level is extremely important and necessary .
-- we must grasp in a down-to-earth manner the " four educations " , upholding the nature , character and style of the people 's liberation army .
the unity and affinity generated from the 5,000 years of splendid culture that is created by the chinese nation will become the important foundation for peaceful reunification .
the mainland 's sincerity the mainland side has repeatedly said that it has great sincerity in breaking the cross-strait stalemate and in reopening the two organization talks .
to smoothly transfer the above functions , the government should , of course , need to increase its fiscal strength by strengthening the collection and management of taxes .
we believe the basic way to solve these problems is to carry out the grand strategy of urbanization and to migrate large numbers of rural people into cities .
he added : premier zhu will not refuse to discuss the subject of stepping up cooperation in fighting against human smuggling and cracking down on snakeheads .
despite his repeated explanations and apologies , yoshiro mori has failed to cool anger within the political circles and on the part of public opinion .
today , we have the duty to carry forward his spirit and undertaking , develop them , and hand them down from one generation to another .
for this reason , beginning in the reagan administration , they have implemented an urban dispersion program under the civil defense authorities which has cost $ 4.2 billion .
according to un statistics , more than 190 million people worldwide , or 3.3 to 4.1 percent of the global population , are using narcotics illegally .
in 1980 , china public security organs uncovered over 900 narcotics-trafficking cases , but by 1984 , the number of narcotics-trafficking cases they uncovered grew to 3,100 .
the two drug dealers offered information about other collaborators at the baoshan bus terminal who were responsible for receiving the drugs and delivering them to kunming .
li peng 's visit has contributed to the furthering of friendly exchanges and cooperation between china 's npc and the parliaments of the countries concerned .
this battalion manufactured , through equipment renewal , various heat producers and other sorts of equipment , which had radar and heat source reflection functions as real targets .
that includes state-owned and state-owned , stock-control industrial enterprises having earned 69.2 billion yuan in profits , up 3.1 times from the same time in 1999 .
the theoretical seminar for party schools nationwide to study comrade jiang zemin 's important exposition on " three represents " was held in beijing today .
the chinese government will still adhere to the principles " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems " in settling the taiwan issue .
the report says : since the change of leadership in taiwan , taiwan authorities have taken an evasive and ambiguous stance on the " one-china " matter .
while the concerned official would not respond to that , he did say that he had no hopes for li yuan-che as a " statesman . "
taipei , june 27 ( zts ) -- the media here are widely reporting on celebrations for the 10th anniversary of the shenzhen taiwan business association .
the main theme of the times and the national spirit , we used to say , is the exact embodiment of such thought , will , and sentiments .
collectivism -- basic principle in socialist ideology , morality [ subhead ] ( viii ) collectivism is a necessity in the development of human civilization .
it is an ideological realm , and is also the basic principle for correctly handling relations between the state , the collective , and the individual .
the capitalists used inferior and low-cost commodities to knock open the closed door of backward nations , and turned weak and small nations into their vassals with gunboats .
1 " human rights diplomacy " is not a stranger to people in many developed nations , nor is it an alien concept to chinese .
the united states ' current development of its theater missile defense [ tmd ] and nmd systems is precisely a concrete demonstration of its " competition strategy . "
it is learned that this exercise is part of a series of military exercises to be conducted by the us in the pacific region this year .
in recent years , relying on its absolute superiority of high military technology , the us has been constantly putting forth new high-tech weaponry systems .
the alliance strategy is an important component for the us defense policy as well as one of the major strategic elements of the us national security strategy .
there is a new situation of competition with high-tech development as the main indicator going on among the armies of major countries in the world .
our army 's cadre ranks have outstanding advantages in having a high degree of political consciousness , fine ideology and work style , and indomitable revolutionary will .
the promulgation of the " decision " will bring a great vitality to our army 's building of its cadre ranks and further promote its modernization .
a large number of regular college graduates who joined the army have brought to the army knowledge , science and technology , wisdom and vitality .
we should meticulously study it , familiarize ourselves with its content , make clear its requirements , profoundly understand and correctly grasp all the regulations in the document .
article two enterprises ( including companies , the same below ) should comply with the regulations when making and providing financial accounting reports to the outside .
the auditing result made by a certified accountant ; 4 . the problems found by the state auditing organs and the correction situation ; 5 .
since 20 october 1996 , long march rockets have been successfully launched 19 times in a row , maintaining a relatively high success rate of launches .
in 1999 , there were 39,000 cadres of ethnic minority at and above the county ( bureau ) level in various organs of the whole country .
the special survey in 1996 showed that there were cadres at and above the county ( bureau ) level from all the 55 minority ethnical groups .
it is necessary to maintain the authority of the state accounting system and no department will be allowed to formulate and release financial and accounting policies without approval .
we should continue to extensively publicize the " accounting law " and create a fine social environment for doing well accounting work according to law , he said .
we should establish a unified state accounting system , further standardize the accounting behavior and the criterion for accounting information , and improve the quality of accounting information .
in order to really bring about social development that benefits all people , it is necessary to establish a fair and rational new international economic order .
the chinese government and people are willing to work together with the governments and peoples of other countries to make unremitting efforts to realize this goal .
the united states , however , provided grain and fuel aid to the dprk on the condition that " the dprk abandon its nuclear weapons development plan . "
a recent report said that at kim chong-il 's invitation , russian president putin will pay a short visit to the dprk in the later part of july .
from 29 to 31 may , kim chong-il , kwp general secretary and chairman of the national defense commission , paid an informal visit to china .
sofia , 28 jun -- while the eu is an entity playing an important role in international affairs , each of its members also plays a leading role .
however , zhu rongji also pointed out : materializing the above interim objectives does not mean that china has accomplished the tasks of restructuring its state enterprises .
there are many factors in hong kong 's success . one of the most important of these factors is the use of the executive leadership structure .
however , according to chinese experts , the authorities have indeed studied the floating exchange rate issue just in case the market principle is adopted in future .
the changes in taiwan 's political situation since mid-march have aroused widespread concern among the taiwan compatriots , the overseas chinese compatriots , and the international community .
china holds that it is up to the people of each country to choose its own path and other countries have no rights to interfere .
zhu rongji said : the german people are industrious and wise people who have made outstanding contributions to the progress and social development of the mankind .
the two foreign ministers conferred in consultation and coordination and exchanged views with each other on cooperation between their ministries as well as international issues .
the truth is that the consensus reached by the arats and the sef is that " both sides on the taiwan strait stick to the one-china principle . "
after the north-south summit , both the rok and the dprk now face many major policy readjustments , of which turning hostility into friendship is the core .
it could be seen that albright 's visit to the rok reflected the united states ' rapid readjustment of its policy toward the rok and the dprk .
it will not be easy to make any progress in the course of improving the north-south relations and there will be relapses or even setbacks along the way .
are there a large group of " outer space christs " who live in the fourth level of space and are ready to save outer space living things ?
a special campaign to concentrate our efforts in controlling electronic game arcades throughout the country will be conducted in july , august , and september 2000 .
it is necessary to tighten regulations and form an effective management mechanism as soon as possible so that entertainment establishments have regulations to go by .
the central discipline inspection commission and the supervision ministry are working on relevant regulations to solve this problem and to hold responsible those leading cadres neglecting their duties .
at the same time , decadent , declining , ignorant , backward thoughts and ideas of all kinds have also created certain negative influence on the masses .
informed sources said the talks , which lasted for about 90 minutes , proceeded in a friendly , frank , sincere , and constructive atmosphere .
zhu rongji and german chancellor attend signing ceremony . berlin , 30 jun ( zxs ) -- china and germany signed six documents on cooperation here today .
it was learned that the yangba integrated petrochemical base project is jointly funded and constructed by china petrochemical shareholding company limited and germany 's basf company .
after the talks , zhu rongji went to the " german house of economy " and delivered an important speech to the german industry and trade council .
he noted : ever since chancellor schroeder 's visit to china last year , the two countries have made major headway in their cooperation in many fields .
on the occasion of the 79th anniversary of the founding of the cpc , we express our highest consideration and enthusiastic wishes to the communist party of china .
meanwhile , it points out the orientation of endeavor of the party 's organizations and cadres facing the development of the world of today and practice .
in the course of reform and development , china 's economic sectors , bodies of interest , social organizations , and life styles are getting increasingly diversified .
our party has always attached great importance to party building , regarding it one of the three magic weapons instrumental to the success of the chinese revolution .
at the same time , the contingent of our party cadres has entered an important moment with old cadres being replaced with the younger ones en masse .
early this year , the timely input of an additional 100 billion yuan worth of state treasury bonds added vitality to the running economic train .
during the previous five months , china 's investments in fixed assets totaled 523.3 billion yuan , up 9.5 percent over the same period last year .
this human tragedy is deeply buried in maomao 's heart and has become an incurable wound in the hearts and minds of her entire family .
she opened the book , and the words in front of her were : " august 22 , 1999 is my father 's 95th birthday .
it is necessary to formulate concrete plans for projects to introduce foreign funds according to guizhou 's economic development plan and ensure such plans are implemented .
china is a developing country . in stimulating scientific development , it must " refrain from doing some things to be able to do other things . "
premier zhu rongji also met with hamburg city mayor ortwin runde , and attended the grand welcoming dinner party hosted by runde in honor of zhu rongji .
the party 's program and policies are precisely the scientific expression of the fundamental interests of the working class and the broad masses of the people . "
the nuclear and conventional submarines and sovremenny-class warships of the east china sea fleet will blockade the taiwan strait and deal with the us pacific fleet .
now that chen shui-bian does not recognize that taiwan is part of china and that he is a chinese , how can the talks be conducted ?
this fully shows that the party central committee and the state council attach great importance to the land issue and are firmly determined to manage land resources strictly .
since the revised " land management law " was implemented a year or so ago , china has made remarkable achievements in cultivated land protection .
as long as the problem of reunification remains unsolved , taiwan will not get any independence in decision making and it will always depend on others .
according to the latest analysis of taiwan 's " kung-shang shih-pao , " taiwan is currently facing at least 10 imperative , sensitive , and thorny financial problems .
in 1998 and 1999 , taiwan 's exports to u.s. reached us $ 64.8 billion , more than one fourth of taiwan 's total exports .
the ezhou military sub-district focused its national defense mobilization work on renovating the means of mobilization and improving the mobilization command and rapid reaction capabilities .
it has no choice but spit back the " greasy meat " from its mouth and put the " missile expansion plan " on the back burner .
second , it will accelerate scientific and technological innovation on some selected projects to consolidate and develop china 's space in the world 's aerospace high technology area .
as public welfare facilities , venues for teenage students ' extracurricular activities should be built with investment primarily made by all levels of people 's governments .
propaganda departments have to give timely publicity to various localities ' good experience in and practice of building and managing venues for teenage students ' extracurricular activities .
it is necessary to regard the study and implementation of chairman jiang 's important speech as a major affair and get a really good grasp of it .
over the past eight years or so since the establishment of diplomatic ties , china and tajikistan have made fruitful achievements in developing their friendship .
the official also said that he has taken note of hsieh chang-ting 's recent remark that both kaohsiung and xiamen belong to the same country .
before this , npc chairman li peng has already visited yugoslavia , azerbaijan and four other countries . vice premier wan jiabao visited britain and switzerland .
thus , external forces fighting over the energy resources of central asia will be one of the principal issues in the region in the new century .
the emergence of nuclear weapons has pushed the theory and practice of firepower warfare to the extreme , and has also pushed mankind to the brink of extinction .
this is because without firepower there would be no basic or even minimum means for waging a war , and there would be almost no war .
first of all , the principles , types , patterns , and methods of fighting have undergone profound and great changes , and the change is continuing .
the two sides are resolved to further strengthen cooperation within bilateral and multilateral frameworks to strike together at these activities and preserve regional security and stability .
the summit , to be held at the turn of the century , has the important historical significance of carrying on the past heritage and opening the future .
your excellency mr. president visited china in 1995 , during which we decided to increase bilateral trade to $ 1 billion in the year 2000 .
the " three represents " is the fundamental thing in building the party , the basis of exercising power , and the source of strength .
carrying out " three stresses " education in a thoroughly sound way is an effective method of implementing the important idea of " three represents . "
thus , in urban construction and development , it is necessary to assign importance to the tapping of water resources and methods for making economical use of water .
fourth , the construction of sewage treatment facilities should be accelerated to improve the capacity for sewage treatment while assigning importance to the recycling of sewage resources .
third , exploitation that is not in the overall and long-term interests of the region should be put under control in order to protect resources and the environment .
accelerating the development of small towns is a major strategy adopted by the party central committee . it is also the objective requirement of social and economic development .
the protection of fine historical and cultural legacies is a matter of great importance in taking over and carrying forward the remarkable cultural traditions of the chinese nation .
we must organically combine development and protection in our work so that modernization and the protection of historical and cultural legacies can complement each other .
during the meeting , the two heads of state exchanged extensive views on bilateral relations and on international and regions issues that are of common concern .
fourth , through cross-strait official interactions , they have attempted to force taiwan into accepting the one china principle and corrode the foundation for taiwan 's sovereignty .
even the american people themselves have recognized that this will jeopardize the capability of their mobilization , deployment , operations , and capability of winning wars .
a russian company has started to develop a hand-held global positioning system jamming device , which claims to have an effective scope reaching 150 miles .
he said : " since you assumed office as the premier , and especially as the president , positive changes have been happening all along in russia .
he believes : the principle whereby kyrgyzstan and china resolves their border issues will be the guiding principle whereby kyrgyzstan resolves its border issues with other countries .
he said that china fully supports president akayev 's proposal for establishing an international anti-terrorism center within the framework of the " shanghai five " summit .
all sides will concentrate efforts on making the " shanghai five " a regional mechanism for the five countries to carry out multilateral cooperation in various fields .
all sides state their support , in accordance with the one-china principle , for the prc 's desire and effort to safeguard unity of the country .
all sides support china 's stand of opposing the inclusion , in any form and by any countries , of taiwan in a tmd program .
all sides support the prc 's desire for the active participation of russia and the various central asian countries in the development of china 's western region .
russian president vladimir putin said : mutual respect and trust , equality , mutual benefit and voluntary participation are guarantees for cooperation among the five countries .
the friendly exchanges and contacts between the leaders of the two countries in recent years have given impetus to the further development of bilateral relations .
there is a big growth in state revenue , foreign trade has a strong increase , domestic market is brisk , and financial market is stable .
a turkmen elderly presented a piece of bread and some salt to jiang zemin -- the highest courtesy accorded when welcoming the most respectable guest .
karimov has come to attend the " shanghai five " summit as an observer . karimov said that he is very glad to meet president jiang zemin again .
--they can only visit in their capacity as local officials and should not appear in the capacity as officials of any " state " organs .
since 1997 , britain has formed a group , composed of biotech , medical and other experts , to study how to deal with it .
in order to improve the ecological environment in west china , china has adopted measures in recent years to return farmland to lakes , shores , and pasture .
as the strategy of sustainable development proposed by the party and government is implemented , ecological protection is becoming the consensus of the whole of society .
the squabble over whether the united states should deploy the national missile defense system ( nmd ) has been going on for quite some time .
it is very obvious that the clinton administration 's term is up , and the remaining issues can only be solved by the next administration .
it should be stressed here that the party is always the vanguard of the working class , and must maintain the party 's advanced nature and purity .
this will certainly be favorable to economic development and social stability , and will enable the party to better represent the fundamental interests of the most people .
[ xiao yunxiang ] in your opinion , what is the key to guaranteeing that the party can better represent the fundamental interests of the most people ?
we firmly oppose the activities of the " falungong " elements who swagger and deceive people , attack and defame china , and damage china 's reputation overseas .
if they make trouble , do great damage , and violate the law in china , they will be punished according to law no matter who they are .
the current upgrading of products has brought china 's insurance up to line with the insurance products offered by the countries that are at the advanced levels .
the auditing administration has issued instructions to the departments concerned to have the underpaid and unpaid taxes collected before the end of august this year .
" in the financial and economic sectors , violations of regulations and offenses against law remain a rather serious problem , " said li jinhua .
these visits have achieved the aim of " enhancing understanding , strengthening trust , promoting friendship , and expanding cooperation " and attained complete successes .
chairman li peng also conveyed the regards and wishes of president jiang zemin and premier zhu rongji to the corresponding leaders of these six countries .
who has exactly benefited from this war is now a question which has been still rethought by the international community including most of the european countries .
azerbaijan and armenia are both in the transcaucasia region and their dispute over the ownership of nagorno-karabakh has been for a long time and incurred widespread resentments .
in 1999 , national financial revenue reached 1,144.408 billion yuan and expenditure reached 1,318.767 billion yuan , respectively accomplishing 105.9 percent and 104.6 percent of the budget .
in the last eight years or so , contacts between the two countries have become increasingly frequent , and bilateral cooperation expanded continuously with satisfactory results .
li qianyuan expressed his appreciation of the kazakh government 's support for china on major issues involving china 's sovereignty and the great cause of peaceful reunification .
he said , " what can we speak about when holding dialogue and talking about reunification with a person who does not recognize himself as a chinese ? "
the united states plans to deploy 20 interceptor missiles in alaska by 2005 , and to increase the number to 100 in two years after that .
at the same time , it will build radar stations within the united states and in greenland and england , and launch satellites carrying special monitoring devices .
the green peace organization urged us president clinton to discard this " plan for star wars , " and pursue political formats to eventually materialize global disarmament .
hu jun committed intentional homicide at around 2200 on 22 february 1999 . he killed a person by the family name of zhang and then dismembered his body .
in recent years , the ipu , working in coordination with the united nations , has been constantly broadening its influence on major international issues .
the " three stresses " education is the most realistic ideological and political work , but it also needs the ideological and political work to provide guarantee .
as everyone knows , the united states has accelerated its pace in implementing the nmd system since the us congress passed the legislation in march last year .
therefore , russian president vladimir putin visited the united kingdom first after taking power and hoped british prime minister tony blair could play a role of mediation .
the chinese government has through various ways expressed its own stand to the us side : china firmly opposes the development of nmd by the united states .
it is imperative to investigate and make clear the cause of serious accidents and strictly handle those who are responsible for accidents in accordance with the law .
in his meeting with italian president ciampi , zhu rongji indicated that relations between the two countries are now at the best period in their history .
cw --- with amended customs law , china strengthens rights of customs on smuggling crackdown , major cotents of amendment to prc customs law cited .
in his speech , li peng said : a family formed by marriage is a specific kind of social relationship which assumes significant social functions .
the eu is china 's third largest trading partner after japan and the united states and is a major region from which china imports foreign investment and technology .
therefore , china has to pursue a market economy to merge with the world economic system , and to effectively take part in the course of economic globalization .
as to structural adjustment , long yongtu held that , without structural adjustment , there is no use talking about any new round of economic development .
producers and marketeers are not allowed to refuse product quality supervision and inspection organized and conducted by a product quality supervision department in accordance with the law .
third , the means of administration and law enforcement and necessary administrative coercive measures for product quality supervision and regulation have been augmented and perfected .
beijing , 3 jul ( xinhua ) -- china made important progress in the reform and turnaround of state enterprises in the first half of this year .
according to preliminary statistics released by relevant departments , more than half of large and medium-sized loss-making state-owned and state holding enterprises have made a turnaround .
people in beijing military circles hold that the " three-in-one " strategic force is also one of the preparations for military struggle to prevent taiwan independence .
not long ago fifty us nobel laureates sent a joint letter to president clinton . they expressed that the nmd plan was both wasteful and dangerous .
the departments concerned recommended that funds raised through these intended issues of treasury bonds be invested in projects currently under construction to make up the shortfall in funds .
according to analyses , the chinese national economy operated well in the first five months of the year , with economic growth appearing to be picking up .
french president chirac , who assumed eu 's rotating chairmanship on 1 july , said he would mobilize all members of the eu to oppose the nmd deployment .
to this end , czech republic has already promulgated among its troops the regulation that a military officer must pass nato 's english test before being promoted .
since 1991 , nato has carried out the strategic principle of " collective defense plus crisis handling " and has organized the quick reaction troops .
this means that the three countries must depend primarily on their own financial resources to renew their technology and armament and to renovate their armies .
all the countries joining nato must renovate their armies according to nato 's standards . this will bring new markets to the munitions industry of the united states .
in spite of this , the us deployment of nmd has become an important political question . it is not purely a technological or security problem .
to sum up , both sides ' consensus is as follows : " one china is the common principle , reopen dialogue irrespective of content . "
china and belgium have also constantly expanded and deepened exchanges or cooperation between each other in cultural , scientific , technological , education , and some other fields .
the most basic task is to arm the whole party and teach the whole people with marxism-leninism , mao zedong thought , and deng xiaoping theory .
people have many theoretical problems that need answering in the process of the great turns , changes , and developments in he international and domestic situation .
ideals and beliefs are people 's deep-seated values , and the concentrated expression of pursuit of beliefs , attitude to life , and goals of endeavor .
proceeding from new reality , we should uphold the yardstick of " three benefits , " and correctly handle the relationship between fairness and efficiency .
the united states , japan , and some european countries were prompted entirely by political factors to make a big fuss about the qinghai poverty-relief project .
china could not accept any practice of attaching additional conditions to that project and could not accept the world bank operational procedures currently in effect .
it can be said that the " dadu river company " is a example of faithfully implementing chairman jiang 's glorious concept of " three represents . "
almost all the people who made some achievements in their undertakings have undergone the tempering in social practice and the testing in hardship and difficulties .
the network has created rapid development , and network economy , network culture , and network education ... are now like surging tides [ ellipses as received ] .
the us military has linked up 95 percent of its networks with civilian networks . the trend of mutual integration of military and civilian networks is now irreversible .
the tentacles of military confrontation have extended to the network area , and the struggle in the world of virtual networks first emerged in the kosovo war .
in network warfare , the action is fast and the time is short . before the enemy can find out , the network action has been completed .
regardless of their ownership , the software enterprises that meet the requirements of being listed on the pioneering industry board in the stock market shall receive preferential arrangements .
article 20 software enterprises may allow technological patents and science-and-technology achievements in lieu of share purchase payments , and allocate shares to the inventors and contributors .
this morning , li bingcai had a sincere and deep exchange of views on cross-strait trade and economic cooperation with members of the delegation lasting 40 minutes .
under the " one country , two systems " arrangement , hong kong enjoys full autonomy in handling its economic , trade , financial , and banking affairs .
the importance of ideological and political work is determined by the position , function , and role of ideological and political work in the party 's entire work .
peasants should be guided to eliminate the grain varieties that are unsalable in the market and to increase the output of marketable , special grain varieties .
zhu rongji said in his speech : i have just had a frank , friendly , and fruitful talk with president prodi and other eu leading members .
internationally , russia is criticizing it strongly , and eu is worrying that us deployment of the nmd system would spur a new arms race .
cohen said : the us side is very happy to see a resumption of sino-us military relations this year , with high-level meetings progressing smoothly .
both sides should increase understanding and expand consensus on the basis of respecting each other , treating each other equally , and seeking common ground while reserving difference .
china and the united states , which are two big countries with important influences in the world , shoulder common responsibilities for the world 's peace and development .
this problem is getting more and more serious , bringing tremendous harms to the ecological environment and people 's health and aggravating the shortage of water resources .
second , we should adopt new ideas and give priority to saving on water . this is not only an immediate but also a long-term requirement .
the party central committee and the state council , attaching great importance to land management , have made the decision on practicing the strictest land management .
if someone insists that details must be discussed first and that conclusions must be drawn first , this means he does not accept the one-china principle .
goods entering the kaohsiung transshipment center can be transferred to other big cities and areas . but this is not the case with the chinma port .
cross-strait relations not only involve peace in the taiwan strait region but also have a crucial bearing on taiwan 's political situation and social stability .
when meeting the new party 's visiting delegation yesterday , vice premier qian more fully expressed the mother mainland 's wish and goodwill in this regard .
in this exercise , division-level commanders played the role of " red army " digital troops while the " blue army " of matching strength was computer-simulated .
at that time the arats interpretation was : " the two sides of the strait both uphold the one china principle and work to pursue national reunification .
the taiwan issue is left over from the kmt-cpc civil war , that is , it is caused by a civil war that has not ended .
the main themes of this phase were to resolve the issues of how to transform from new democracy into socialism and what kind of socialism to build .
why have the circumstances been this good ? when all is said and done , the ideology of the " three represents " cannot be left out .
the economic system must reform , the political system must reform , and such areas as science and technology , education , and culture are all being reformed .
the dalai clique is telling a barefaced lie and ignoring the actual development of tibetan culture by frantically clamoring about the " extinction of the tibetan culture . "
medium-sized and small enterprises have displayed great interest in entering the china market and hope to gain the support of the chinese and their own governments .
luxembourg 's prime minister said that differences between countries should be respected , and he does not agree to teaching others lessons in human rights .
china and europe are both exerting ever greater influence in international affairs , and both advocate multipolarization and are not in favor of a unipolar world .
at the meeting , qian qichen said : various taiwan mass media are important windows for taiwan compatriots to understand conditions of various aspects on mainland china .
beijing , 13 jul ( xinhua ) -- chinese vice premier qian qichen met with us defense secretary william cohen and his party at zhongnanhai this morning .
with regard to economic and trade relations between china and the united states , qian qichen said : our bilateral economic and trade exchanges have witnessed tremendous progress .
the us government supports china 's efforts to join the wto as soon as possible and strive to achieve the pntr goal at an early date .
on foreign minister tang jiaxuan 's upcoming visit to pakistan , he said : this is part of the high-level visits exchanged between the two countries .
he said , the basic guideline of the chinese government for settling the taiwan problem is " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems . "
in so saying , he was apparently declaring that china 's policy toward eastern europe applies equally to such countries as poland , czech , and hungary .
therefore , if we fail to assess the administrative achievements of the sar government in an objective way , it is hard to draw a fair conclusion .
to evaluate cadres in line with their responsibility to attain objectives is an effective measure to understand cadres in depth , and objectively evaluate and use cadres .
the comrades of the whole party , especially the party 's leading cadres at all levels , must study in depth problems such as these .
palestine has recently reiterated the proposal on establishing a state in september this year . it is the direct reason for clinton 's decision to hold the summit .
at the dawn of the new century , the strengthening of coordination between the two countries will be of major significance to establishing a new world order .
at today 's talks , the two sides also had a wide range and in-depth exchange of views on bilateral relations and international issues of mutual concern .
we must pay attention to giving play to the technological and productive advantages of various sectors and industries , and make full use of the existing infrastructure .
the two countries have also established a committee for development of friendship and peace between china and russia designed to strengthen non-governmental friendly exchanges and cooperation .
wen jiabao inspects tianjin 's urban water consumption problem. calls for water conservation to ensure supply for economic & social dev , people 's needs .
wu guanzheng , member of the cpc central committee politburo and secretary of the shandong provincial cpc committee , called on the participants and made an impromptu speech .
looking at the results by industry , of the 14 targeted industries , apart from coal and military works , the others all showed profits .
in an instant , explosions rumbled on shores and beachheads , sending up huge water columns and forcing an opening for shock attack groups of tanks to land .
the missile talks provide an important channel for the united states and north korea , two countries without diplomatic relations , to make diplomatic contacts .
the north koreans emphasize that they develop missiles for self-defense and that us allegations of " a north korean missile threat " is totally groundless .
north korea has reiterated time and again that the development of missiles is a matter within its state sovereignty and no one has the right to intervene .
analysts do not think that the lack of progress in the recent us-dprk missile talks necessarily means that talks between the two countries have reached an impasse .
ideals and convictions are more than a plain feeling . they must be based on a solid and long-time accumulation of knowledge on science and theories .
the reasons why a small number of people is not steadfast in their ideals and convictions are rather complex . some are ideological and others are practical .
according to incomplete statistics , 705 prefectural and departmental level cadres and 7,509 county and office level cadres have been openly selected throughout the country since 1995 .
in the first half of this year the state development bank and the ministry of public security respectively practiced competition for 262 and 105 office-level posts .
since 1995 hunan province has dismissed from their posts 29 county and office cadres and 156 section-level cadres because they failed to prove qualified during their trial period .
reportedly , the forthcoming meeting will be focused on arranging the rejuvenation of the central leading body and thus thoroughly remedy the serious corruption phenomena inside the party .
a sense of responsibility , of mission , of these times and urgency has embodied the political conscience , spiritual state , and ideological trends .
admittedly , " monks from afar most love to read the scriptures " ; but its own " monks should be allowed to read the scriptures well . "
at this time , if leaders can come forward to give them some support , that will help them surmount the difficulties and make achievements in scientific research .
the alteration of the " abm treaty 's " contents will not only undermine the treaty , but also lead to a chain of negative consequences .
however , they hardly realize that such a kind of " no casualties " was based on the " total casualties " of the other sides .
the two heads of state believe that the arrival of the 21st century will open up a still broader vista for the development of sino-russian relations .
serious drought has prompted this year 's wheat to ripen three to seven days , and more than 10 days in some localities , ahead of time .
area of machine harvesting now accounts for 67 percent of the total harvested area , which is five percent higher than the same period of last year .
while worrying about a reduction in summer grain output , agricultural experts have pointed out : this year , summer grain harvesting has had three noticeable positive factors .
while reduction in this year 's summer grain output is a foregone conclusion , ensuring a bumper harvest of fall crops has become particularly important .
the chinese side will , as always , support russia 's efforts to fight against terrorists and separatists , and actions to safeguard the country 's integrity .
it is believed that with the unremitting efforts of both sides , the level of economic and trade cooperation between china and russia will be greatly enhanced .
overall , problems in lack of effective demands have yet to be fundamentally alleviated , and the internal diving force of economic growth is still not strong enough .
at a press conference held today by the information office of the state council , this question was repeatedly touched on by reporters from different angles .
furthermore , industrial enterprises ' processing orders grew 27.2 percent in the first half of the year , foreboding continued rapid export growth in the second half .
ye indicated that during the first half of this year , china 's speedy economic growth was primarily driven by industry in the secondary and tertiary sectors .
chi haotian said that he was very happy to meet with sergeyev for the third time this year , to exchange views on matters of common interest .
third , chinese and russian leaders have paid much attention to economic and trade cooperation and made efforts to strengthen the economic and trade foundation for sino-russian relations .
we should resolutely stop up all holes of funds , strictly separate revenue from expenditure , strictly enforce financial and economic discipline , and effectively strengthen management .
wei jianxing pointed out : during the large-scale development of the western region , we should make full use of successful experiences gained in anti-corruption practice .
now this is the real undermining of the arms balance in the asia-pacific region which threatens the security and stability of the two sides of the taiwan strait .
the day before yesterday the united states and japan finally reached an agreement on the long-disputed issue of funding for expenses of us troops stationed in japan .
the japanese side plans to hold a japan-us summit during the g-8 meeting to talk about bilateral issues including the funding for the stationed us troops .
the group army rapidly transmitted various instructions through its automated command system , and its various units immediately started preparations in line with the requirements of actual combat .
reports on the enemy 's situation and other situations and on the operation of other command cars were displayed continuously on the projectors and computer terminals .
from the clock on the car , the reporters saw that it had taken only six minutes to start the fire attacks after the order was received .
zhou tianhong , regiment commander who organized the exercise , told the reporters that highland cold areas posed a challenge to both soldiers and weapons .
li hongzhi and his partners are still engaging in various activities . we must maintain sharp vigilance in our thinking , and never relax in our work .
however , since the economy was overheated and the management level was low in those years , the mixed-industry operation adopted by the country had many undesirable results .
making the renminbi convertible under the capital account and then making it fully convertible is the long-term goal of the reform of china 's foreign exchange management structure .
we are pleased to see that at the turn of the century , the friendly relations between china and thailand continue showing a momentum of vigorous development .
our party 's ever-triumphant strength lies in its nature of always representing the fundamental interests of the largest number of people in china and serving the people wholeheartedly .
according to reports , during the meeting clinton will address the okinawa public in a bid to ease their hostility toward the us military presence .
seeing that the situation was unfavorable , the united states was not willing to discuss this question at the recent meeting of eight foreign ministers .
at leisure , he went up to mountains and took pictures by saying that he " quietly watched his followers and the people in the world . "
before leaving china , putin presented a wreath to the monument to the people 's heroes and visited the palace museum and the beihai park .
in the last two years , russia began to adjust its policy toward korea , and paid attention to balancing its relations with the rok and dprk .
president putin 's current visit to china will certainly promote the comprehensive development of the two countries ' relations in the 21st century , zhu bangzao said .
based on an 8.1-percent economic growth during the first quarter of this year , we gained an 8.3-percent economic growth during the second half of the year .
zhu bangzao indicated : in recent years , " g-8 " member countries have visited china to report on the relevant situations before and after their summit meetings .
on the issues of political direction and fundamental principle , we must have a clear stance , practice righteousness , spread healthy trends , and criticize errors .
now , let us sweep aside the layers of dense fog on the surface of this matter and find out what really happened behind the " deadlock . "
concerning zhu yayan 's visit to kaohsiung , relevant taiwan authorities claimed that the visit could only be approved if the criterion of " professionals " is met .
relevant taiwan authorities cited " legal and operating procedures " as an excuse to tell zhu yayan to " select another date " for visiting kaohsiung city .
one basic reason is that they have failed to conscientiously compare their own thinking , words , and deeds with the demands of the " three represents . "
at present , there is talk of the need to spend $ 60 billion for the nmd deployment , but nobody believes that sum will suffice .
he said that not long ago he read a memoir of a us general who was a commander responsible for dropping the atomic bomb in hiroshima .
the new taiwan leader attended military meetings , arranged military exercises , and authorized lease of the us warships and purchase of us weapons and equipment .
the remarks and deeds of the new taiwan leader over the past two months show that he is still stubbornly clinging to the " taiwan independence " line .
he who thinks he is smart to practice deception will be exposed sooner or later and his true intentions will only be revealed even more .
the g-8 at times circumvents the united nations , making the un impotent , or doing its own thing , and this is what china strongly objects to .
in recent years , after the conclusion of each g-8 summit , member nations have always sent high-ranking officials to china to report on the meetings .
the canadian foreign minister even warned that " the international arms control regime will collapse if the united states unilaterally scrapped the abm treaty . "
japan has all along tried to keep quiet on the reaction of china and russia and the criticisms made by the european countries on the nmd question .
from morning to evening , many ngo members regularly appeared around the international media center , holding banners with statements including " establish a un for ngos . "
in his article published in a newspaper , former prime minister fraser criticized the selfishness , nearsightedness , and a chain-reaction risk of the project .
more than 20 representatives of overseas chinese and the chinese community spoke at the meeting . they criticized the actions of " falungong " practitioners .
wu bangguo pointed out that to improve ecological environment and raise environmental quality is a major subject that we must tackle with in developing the western region .
tokujitsu miyagi said over 2,600 people are employed by the kadena airbase , but only 76 of them are local people of the kadena town .
however , like its predecessors , the current summit still had more ideas than concrete action . moreover , it left many issues and differences unsettled .
national flags of china and indonesia fluttered at the jakarta airport and the red carpet was spread from the parking area to the distinguished guest lounge .
seven days later , xie changting sent a reply letter to xiamen mayor zhu yayan stating that zhu 's exchange visit to kaohsiung could hardly take place .
the mainland of the motherland has stated many times that taiwan parties and people of all circles are welcome to visit , under the one china principle .
on 18 july , zhu yayan wrote to xie changting again expressing regret that the taiwan departments concerned had blocked his visit to kaohsiung under various pretexts .
the procedural delays and pretexts in passing around such official documents have fully exposed the real intentions of the taiwan authorities in blocking cross-strait exchanges .
swindlers the world over should go to a certain country for a seminar to study the " wisdom " of the " falungong " hoax .
however , in the 1980s this assistance target was only met 0.33 percent of the time , and fell even further in the 90s to 0.24 percent .
british prime minister blair got straight to the point : " there is not a bit of doubt that we still have many things to do .
the protracted battle for okinawa and the serious losses played a direct role in the final decision by the united states to drop the atomic bomb on japan .
and because of historical reasons , ukraine keeps a wary eye on russia . it wants to shake off the russian control but hesitates to do so .
ht --- correction added -- wei jianxing 24 jul speaks at training courses for presidents of people 's courts at grass-roots level in western china .
the financial companies have originated from some large state-owned enterprise groups and have served those groups which have played a pivotal role in our national economy as well .
he appealed to asian countries to join hands and work hard together to build an asia of peace , stability , development and prosperity in the new century .
as a new and emerging force , the vast number of developing countries in asia have played an important role in regional and international affairs .
the only way to better asia 's overall development and competitiveness lies in the mutual opening-up , mutually beneficial cooperation and common development of all countries in asia .
wahid emphasized that indonesia maintains there is only one china in the world and supports the chinese government 's positions on issues of taiwan and tibet .
before hong kong reversion , chung wrote to the chief executive to offer " suggestions " on the development of hong kong 's administrative system .
he called on each country of asia to work together to establish a peaceful , stable , developed , and prosperous asia in the new century .
through arduous and transcendent struggles , dozens of countries in asia achieved independence and hundreds of millions of people threw off the shackles of colonial rule .
in the late 90s , some countries in asia were also hard hit by the financial crisis , and economic development has encountered serious difficulties .
facts show that china is an important force for the promotion of development in asia , and is also an important force for maintaining stability in asia .
it appealed for eliminating information disparities , but specific measures were left for continued consultation in the future by the governments and relevant institutions in the future .
in 1988 , a western bourgeois politician predicted that by the end of this century , capitalism would " defeat " socialism without fighting a war .
we should firmly believe that between the ebbs and the high tides and between the setbacks and advances , we will eventually usher in socialism 's greater development .
in the process of searching for truth , it is more important to open more new paths of understanding than speeding up along one single path .
based on this understanding , various countries have vied to readjust military strategy of their own accord to build up information combat troops of the future type .
without information supremacy , there can be no sea , air , or space supremacy , and it would be very difficult to gain combat initiative .
in addition , some counties have raised the quota at each level , thus making the actually reversed land far exceeding the planned quota of 5.15 million mu .
question : what roles will leasing companies play in the technological transformation of large state-owned enterprises and in the great strategy to develop china 's western region ?
chi haotian expressed his thanks for romania 's support for china 's great cause of reunification as well as for the issues related to taiwan and tibet .
relevant data show that china has approximately 14,000 large and medium-sized state-owned and state-holding enterprises and that the state-owned sector of the economy is the mainstay .
rais expressed his understanding and support for china 's stand and policy on the taiwan issue and hoped that china will realize national reunification at an early date .
tanjung indicated that the indonesian parliament has all along pursued the one-china policy and resolutely refused to conduct official exchanges in any form with taiwan .
the difficult questions in the history of humanity have always been solved by people using science , building upon the foundation bequeathed them from earlier generations .
as a result , the accurate establishment of scientific methods , and making the modes of thought scientific is even more important than studying concrete knowledge .
all of these areas form a common driving force which permeates science -- the search for truth and the real nature of things , new development and creativity .
shortly after hong kong completed the historic turn of being recovered by the motherland , it encountered the fierce impact of the asian financial storm .
now the fact that jiang zemin has personally mentioned chen shui-bian by name clearly suggests that the cpc may have changed its view on him somewhat .
it is expected that vice president hu jintao 's visit to kazakhstan will promote sino-kazakhstan good-neighborly and friendly relations of cooperation to a new height .
last november , the japanese government formally decided to make an area near camp schwab in nago the alternate site for the futenma air station .
there have been many protests staged by local people lately in the designated area of nago to oppose building a new us base in their hometown .
since then , the construction of the artillery air defense troops , which was baptized by 23 years of revolutionary war opened a brand new page .
in this fifty-year period of new china artillery air force soldier construction and development , we have especially organized this edition to satisfy the reader .
from now on , our artillery officially says goodbye to the mainly manual operation measures . they strike into the ranks of automation command modern artillery .
these bombs , which had a high percentage of hits and were highly destructive , posed a grave threat to our personnel and weapons and equipment .
therefore , some people sum up the central bank 's current thinking on managing the exchange rate as " strengthening the market mechanism and reducing government assurances . "
it is believed that with the joint efforts of both sides , greater successes surely will be achieved in friendly and cooperative relations between china and belarus .
those spendings undoubtedly created the indispensable conditions for the reform of state-owned enterprises , the economic restructuring , and the improvement of the market economy system .
at the guandong provincial antismuggling work conference held on 26 july , ge liancheng reported on our country 's antismuggling situation for the past two years .
in order to squeeze the outside investors , the competent local departments resorted to various means , and even deprived the company of its independent ticket sales right .
in the face of this grim situation , certain localities have adopted measures to limit outside competition in order to ensure the continued existence of their local enterprises .
freight volume of key products such as iron and steel , grain , coal , oil , ores , cement , wood and metal fully increased .
tang jiaxuan pointed out : the chinese side is opposed to the national missile defense system [ nmd ] and the theater missile defense system [ tmd ] .
thus , we should proceed from actual conditions to make known to the masses the things that they are most concerned with and most need to know .
all levels of town and township party committees should strengthen leadership over the administrative transparency of grass-roots offices and coordinate with grass-roots offices to achieve this work .
beijing , 27 jul ( xinhua ) -- the supreme people 's court has issued provisions on providing judicial aid to interested parties who really have economic difficulties .
we should also readjust our macroeconomy and promote sustainable economic growth by employing such policy means as national budget , taxation , national bonds , and so on .
during his meeting with paek nam-sun , tang jiaxuan said : this year is a year of important significance in the history of china-dprk relations .
the chinese and russian foreign ministers also exchanged views on other issues of common concern , including that of the situation of the korean peninsula .
thus , the us deployment of the nmd will pose the greatest threat to russia , and russia has never wavered in its strong opposition to the nmd .
the chinese government has made clear its position to the us side through various channels : it is resolutely opposed to the us deployment of the nmd .
if a newborn child has the " right of abode " but his parents do not , then this infant will immediately become an " orphan . "
huang heqing , director of the hunan cable television station , said angrily : " they are really lawless , and what they said does not count . "
the history of china 's revolution and construction under the leadership of the party is a record of adhering to and strengthening marxism 's guiding position .
marx noted : " the ideology of the ruling position is nothing other than the conceptual expression of the material relationship of the ruling position . "
of course , in the process of criticizing and struggling , we must describe the facts and state reasons in order to facilitate educating and uniting the masses .
the exercise command center revealed that the training exercise would surpass a scout contest of an international standard in terms of arduousness , intensity , and danger .
in order to build a bridge , the soldiers had to get logs from a hill some 600 meters away and each log weighed more than 250 kilograms .
when the war ended , however , large numbers of yugoslav units suddenly appeared out of the ground and withdrew from pristina , capital of kosovo .
she said : china 's participation in the wto is necessary for her reform and opening-up , and also necessary for china 's integration with the world economy .
he stressed that there are great prospects for the two countries in expanding cooperation in economic , trade , scientific , cultural , educational and other fields .
for seven consecutive years , japan has been the largest trade partner of china ; and china is also the second-largest trade partner of japan .
in addition , the cooperation between the two sides in the investment , financial , scientific and technological , agricultural , industrial and commercial , and cultural fields .
recently in bangkok , the foreign ministers of the dprk and japan held their first meeting in 52 years and issued a joint statement after the meeting .
the two sides also agreed to hold a new round of talks in tokyo on 21-26 august on the normalization of diplomatic relations between the dprk and japan .
through auditing , the social security organs in some localities of guandong province were found to be involved in such problems in 1997 and 1998 .
xiong zhennan said that from now on , management organs will issue foreign-related social survey certificates to qualified survey agents , a number at a time .
and the strong operations of the shanghai and shenzhen stock markets for some time now also shows that there are strong economic grounds for the bullish stock market .
a lesson particularly worth learning is that faced with power politics and hegemony in the current world , the sovereignty of weak countries has been trampled upon .
to date , the us troops ' aerial shooting exercises at maehyang-ri had caused the death of 13 and injuries to 22 south korean people .
according to statistics from south korean legal affairs department , us soldiers committed an average of 1,100 to 2,300 crimes annually from 1967 to 1991 .
beginning in 1992 , although there was a downward trend in crimes by us soldiers , the average is still over 770 crimes per year .
hence , whether or not peasant incomes can rise is the key to enlivening the rural markets and achieving coordinated development of urban and rural economy .
as a result of the efforts of the people of the whole country , china achieved 8.2 percent economic growth rate in the first half of this year .
6 . they have the right to institute an affiliated civil action against the defendant for the material losses caused by the defendant 's criminal act .
3 . they have the right to verify the written records , and , if omissions or mistakes are found , may request additions or corrections .
it is hoped that in the new century the friendly relations already existing between the rio group and china will advance to a higher level .
chi haotian emphasized that resolving the issue of taiwan and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland is the general trend and the direction of the popular feeling .
an unshakable adherence to this point is the foremost important thing to carry out and implement the important thoughts in the " three represents . "
various localities and enterprises have created a lot of effective and successful experience and practice in the course of reforming state-owned enterprises and freeing them from difficulties .
the united states announced that this was the first time they had added a humanitarian rescue operation to the combined " circum-pacific " war drills .
since the kosovo war , the us army has been more upbeat about the " non-war military operation " with " humanitarian assistance " as its core .
this is the reason that the us army has frequently staged " non-war military operation " exercises focusing on " humanitarian assistance " in the recent period .
in somalia , the us-type " eagle , " instead of capturing its prey , was bitten by its prey and was covered in cuts .
he said that some people had said they were concerned about whether china would keep her promises , but that this kind of concern was needless .
the three countries ' foreign ministers said that developing friendly and cooperative relations with china in the new century has become an important consensus for the rio group .
as an important carrier of tibetan culture , the tibetan language has played a tremendously important role in promoting tibet 's cultural development and social progress .
the chinese constitution and the law on ethnic regional autonomy clearly stipulate that the freedom of ethnic minorities to use their own language is guaranteed .
hence , it is particular important to draw up practical measures for vigorously promoting the healthy and rapid development of tibetan language work in the new era .
the political goal of a war is to use violent means to subdue , conquer or control the opponent and gain territory , sovereignty and economic benefits .
from land to air , sea and even outer space ( us star wars plan ) , the space of fighting with firepower has become greater and greater .
this is because without firepower there will be no basic or even minimum means for waging a war and there will be almost no war .
first of all , the principle , type , pattern and method of fighting have undergone profound and great change and the change is continuing .
hsu hui-you said the " one china principle " has currently become the highest guiding principle of mainland china with respect to its taiwan policy .
this is one of the major reasons why peace has been maintained and world war avoided for more than 50 years following world war ii .
the us nmd plan will also destroy the progress of international military control and disarmament , or even cause a new round of competition in military buildup .
russia has already clearly indicated that if the united states withdraws from the abm treaty , russia will withdraw from a series of military control and disarmament treaties .
in such a situation , medium and smaller nations with nuclear capacity will have an even more cautious attitude towards their participation in the nuclear disarmament process .
china is willing to go along with the international society , including the united states , to spare no effort to bring about the above goals .
enabling the poor countries in this celestial body to resume economic growth and shake off poverty has become the greatest challenge facing the mankind in the new century .
they were not enthusiastic about holding a dialogue with the heads of state of developing countries , with three heads of state being absent from the dialogue conference .
based on this , we were able to provide a regional precipitation forecast of unprecedented high resolution for the grand celebration of the 50th national day .
in august 1999 , the high-performance computer system was successfully developed , and general secretary jiang zemin personally inscribed its name -- " shenwei . "
in the past year , the research and development units , together with relevant user units , have successfully developed a batch of application software for the system .
to this end , the agricultural sector in hunan should seek unity of thinking , provide against the future , work hard , and make full preparations .
this way , if " something happens " in the taiwan strait in the future , japan can join the united states in military action .
the institution of the vertical management system is conducive to reducing management costs , raising economic efficiency , and stabilizing and gradually lightening the state 's financial burden .
beijing , 3 aug ( xinhua ) -- a work conference on the operations and management of the central grain reserves was held in beijing recently .
therefore , we should not only strengthen the building of spiritual civilization at work units but also pay greater attention to building spiritual civilization in communities .
the building of socialist new culture is great system engineering , and the building of enterprise culture is an important component part of the socialist new culture .
at present , culture is not only an important component part of the comprehensive national strength but also an important component part of enterprises ' competitive power .
strengthening the building of enterprise culture is a major strategic measure to raise the overall quality of enterprises and to strengthen their cohesive force and competitive power .
anyone who understands tibet very well and who truthfully portrays the real situation in tibet will not find it hard to arrive at a correct conclusion .
the taiwan question is purely china 's internal affair and the chinese people 's own business , which absolutely does not allow for any foreign intervention .
the concept of " decisive battle offshore " basically continues the line of thought of the military strategy readjustment of the latter part of kmt rule .
the taiwan air force now has eight main military airbases : taoyuan , hsinchu , chiayi , kungkuan , tainan , pingtung , hualien , and so on .
most of the mlm organizations have no business licenses , offices , or office equipment . they are normally gathered in rented premises at the urban-rural intersections .
we firmly believe that the taiwan question will come to an appropriate solution on the basis of the policy of " one country , two systems . "
according to the duties of the chinese navy , it is also quite natural and normal to maintain and increase coastal defense training in surrounding waters .
given the new condition of reform , opening up , and developing a socialist market economy , ideological and political work is facing a new situation .
although they claim to be " inter-party , " they are made to order and affected by the likes and dislikes of a handful of people .
while announcing the name list , lee yuan-tseh clearly pointed out that the " inter-party group " is an advisory organ rather than a decision-making unit .
the unceasing expansion in the cross-strait economic and cultural exchanges in an effort to realize reunification in the end may create more favorable conditions for china 's modernization .
when li teng-hui was in office , he took pride in practicing " transit diplomacy " and made many transit stops on his way to central america .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao has already made representations on this with the united states [ as published ] and expressed strong dissatisfaction and resolute opposition .
the two " moves " mentioned above have enabled the people to see that the taiwan authorities are moving farther and farther down the road of separatism .
focusing on solving problems and making effective achievements is an important guiding principle for the positive " three stresses " education throughout the whole military .
although no gun smoke could be seen and no roar of guns could be heard , an intense " close-quarter fight " was actually going on .
after three years of repeated study and appraisal , they developed a series of new tactics , such as " alternate advance and rapid assault . "
for this reason , hetian prefecture has dispatched three groups totalling some 4,000 organ cadres to practice the " three togethers " with the peasants .
the disaster-resistant facilities built over the last many years have also played a big role in reducing the losses caused by geological disasters during the flood seasons .
geological disasters affect thousands upon thousands of families . we must mobilize all sectors of society to turn the struggle against geological disasters into a mass action .
in the past eight years nearly 300 scholars from both sides of the strait have contributed their ideas to the topic of china 's modernization .
fan guoxiang pointed out that war between nations , especially foreign aggression , endanger the survival rights of nations and the right of life of individuals .
therefore , the regiment took the opportunity to hold a big discussion on " scientific knowledge on highland " and activities such as contests on highland knowledge .
this is the first large-scale live tactical drills in snow-clad highland at the altitude of 5,500 meters in the military region 's history of training .
however , the officers and men would not forget the live tactical drills on attacks launched by companies and battalions more than one month ago .
an engineer of the automation office came and found out that because of the windy and dusty conditions , the computer 's ventilation door was blocked .
at the invitation of the croatian military , the pla goodwill mission arrived in zagreb on the afternoon of 1 august for a visit to croatia .
the new " american dream " has hinted at a strange , but fairy popular , concept : globalization is tantamount to americanization in the present information era .
he made the remarks during a discussion meeting of leaders from the foreign economic relations and trade commissions throughout the country , which was being held in beijing .
the other three include : first , we should further deepen our reform of the commodity distribution system , and cultivate and regulate domestic markets .
this incident gave him two concerns : the first is that some commanders lack a sober understanding of the actual threat of an information war .
the production of agricultural and sideline products is often affected by the specific local hydro-thermal conditions and methods of breeding . it is strictly geographical in nature .
this is the requirement of the united states in pushing its strategy for the 21st century and ensuring the us leadership status in the asia-pacific region .
on the other hand the united states tries to constrain chen shuibian 's " taiwan independence " activities , but it cannot necessarily succeed in this regard .
at present frequent military exercises are taking place along china 's southeast coast , and a large-scale beach landing exercise involving 110,000 officers and men was recently held .
changes are brewing up in the taiwan strait situation , and the situation of " peace without reunification " desired by the united states cannot last long .
many cadres are not aware of the serious consequences of excessive drilling of underground water . they generally feel that water is an inexhaustible natural resource .
because of their erroneous understanding , some cadres , including even water conservancy cadres , believe their work is to seek funds for drilling wells for water .
zhang feng , director of water conservancy bureau in hebei 's daming county said : peasants today care only about how to save money and efforts .
it appears that using economic measures to control water use is easier than using propaganda or administrative orders , and it can produce better results as well .
this trip of chen shui-bian 's , aside from making an unworthy sequel by continuing " money diplomacy " , will simply have difficulty being innovative or fresh .
continue to apply wage and benefit preferential policies to public institution units located in hardship , frontier , and remote regions and personnel working at special posts .
in carrying out the educational activities , the localities pay attention to using various methods and means and strive to make the education more effective .
the taiwan authorities accused the other side of " putting pressure on it " and hastily carried out " sterilization " and " lowered the temperature . "
this year , a good momentum of steady rebound has emerged in our national economy . growth in the first half of the year was 8.2 percent .
organs constantly recruit new people while those unfit for the post should be allowed to leave . in doing so , an organ will have vigor .
jiang zemin said : in recent years , sino-us relations have undergone disturbances [ feng feng yu yu ] , but the general trend is forging ahead .
in summary , the main points are as follows : rely on the basic educational methods for the development of each level and type of organization .
in modern society , the influence and role of such media as the newspaper , broadcasts , television , and the internet on people 's lives is increasing .
the momentum was tremendous and the results obvious on these propaganda fronts , and they provided a broad , lively , and profound ideological education .
he said with full confidence that the pla is entirely capable of ensuring that hong kong is protected against any provocation if any war breaks out in future .
as the spiritual support of japanese militarism , yasukuni shrine had always been jointly managed with exceptional care by the army and navy before the war .
" a national memorial service to remember war dead " sponsored by the japanese government was held in the budokan sports hall of tokyo 's kitanomaru park .
the members of the chinese religious leaders delegation are all principal responsible persons of chinese religious bodies and are the delegates sent by chinese religious circles .
the delegation is headed by fu tieshan , chairman of the china patriotic catholic association and deputy chairman of the chinese catholic bishops ' group .
clearly , the bishop made this attack mainly in reference to the " falungong " incident , which started in china and then spread to the outside world .
he said that but at present , the threat of the cult is not less terrifying than a war . therefore , we should maintain sharp vigilance .
jamyang made these remarks at " china 's religious circles ' symposium on the question of world peace , " which is being held here .
the australian side stated that the australian government adheres to the one-china policy and stands for dialogue and does not engage in confrontation over the human rights issues .
on the morning of 16 august , yang jiechi also held the fourth sino-australian human rights dialogue with deputy australian foreign affairs and trade secretary miles kupa .
people of the religious circles should heighten their vigilance against and expose the heretical nature of these heretical organizations , which have persecuted people to death .
taiwan has proposed a " virtual one china . " but how can foreign countries establish diplomatic ties with the " virtual one china ? "
an important task for our cultural departments and departments for producing cultural products is to satisfy the diverse cultural needs of different groups of people .
over more than 10 years , the special economic zone has achieved the results as they are now in economic development , but collapse may occur just overnight .
now , however , china has already made ample progress in the areas that people so admired in years past ; the gap is much smaller .
some people calculate that there are four times as many reports in the chinese media about america as there are reports about china in the us media .
you can go online anytime to select news or other programs you wish to listen to , and you can also read text versions of news .
in nearly two years since its inauguration , the cri website has played a special role in strengthening china 's radio broadcasting and publicity to foreign countries .
in the globalization trend , it is impossible , and all the more undesirable , to restrict or block students from going abroad for study .
the 35-year-old guo pinzheng was working at the run run shaw hospital under the zhejiang university 's medical college ( formerly zhejiang medical university ) .
social development has prompted the change in the employment system . however , looking at the long term , the current reform measures are far from adequate .
third , lee teng-hui attempts to challenge the most basic principle of the international law -- the principle that sovereignty and territorial integrity are indivisible .
the objectives and intentions of the " democratization of taiwan " lee teng-hui admits that he exploits the " democratization of taiwan " to push his separatist line .
according to him , " freedom , democracy " and " self-determination " mean " the people in taiwan should have their own government . "
shanxi luliang prefecture 's adoption of measures , including government relief , opening of grain warehouses , and grain lending , have been well received among the masses .
the meeting studied and proposed lines of thought , goals , and orientation for reforms in the work of military representatives in socialist market economy conditions .
meanwhile , a person from the state council taiwan affairs office in beijing pointed out that the " designated " personnel reshuffling was " illogical . "
it is reported that lee yuan-tseh has lately been pondering deeply over the cross-party task force 's mission and the situation in the taiwan strait .
third , we must seriously implement the principle of administering the party strictly , and earnestly intensify the education , management , and supervision of party members-cum-cadres .
the wanton pollution of the environment by the us forces against the interests of the south korean people has also aroused the resentment of rok officials and politicians .
the " rok-us mutual defense treaty " and " status of forces agreement " fixed the unequal status of the rok and the united states .
in 1960 , the democratic national convention was also held in los angeles , and kennedy 's " new frontier " policy fascinated not a few americans .
if the former is said to be representative of the essence of national art , then the colorfulness of folk art is what the latter will be showing .
i wish to tell the american public that it is our desire to enhance understanding and friendship between the peoples of china and the united states .
the development of information technology allows mankind to tap the huge information resources hidden in the motion of matter , and make better use of the resources .
hu kangsheng also explained the procedures for sending an extradition request to foreign countries , and the relationship between the extradition law and the extradition treaty .
so , it embodies not only the requirements of the party 's nature and tasks but also the understanding and requirements of the essence of socialism .
the starting point and end result of the " three represents " are always striving for the fundamental interests of the broadest possible masses of the people .
the general requirement on hainan 's non-public economic development is to speed up the pace and improve the structure , quality , and efficiency , said du qinglin .
the two soon became partners and planned to pay off neg 's debts with " loans " borrowed with lc but without importing any goods .
addressing npc standing cmte criminal proceeding law enforcement group today , li peng calls for handling criminal cases in accordance with law to safeguard justice .
the flourishing township enterprises have become an important pillar of china 's national economy as well as the main source of the income of farmers and herdsmen .
from this we can see that future competitions will be global competitions , and protectionism of every description will find it increasingly hard to survive .
they cursed the us state department for its " casual attitude " and also accused the new leader of " losing everyone 's face . "
on 22 august , russian president putin ordered a day of national mourning on 23 august for the dead crew of nuclear submarine " kursk . "
russian defense minister reiterated that it is necessary to calmly and carefully study and analyze the course of the " kursk " accident and not to act impetuously .
chinese buddhism has inherited and developed the idea of loving peace and stressed that " peace is precious " and the equality of all living creatures .
for the military , innovation and development is progress , the basis for maintaining superiority , and the condition for victory in wars of all kinds .
information warfare [ iw ] capability means that while using and protecting one 's own information environment , the enemy are not allowed to use theirs .
in the 10 years following the conclusion of the vietnam war , the us army carried out its first training revolution , with three substantive areas .
laboratory warfare preparatory exercises in the past there was a kind of concept that considered that the laboratory could not produce military theory or military principles .
the chief conclusion the us military has drawn from its experience and lessons since the vietnam war is : troop training must be organized in a futuristic way .
at present , the training of all the branches of china 's army is basically in a state of disparate entities all with their own systems .
although the website is young and full of vitality , it also faces the problem of having to step up training and improve the political quality .
dc --- association for relations across the taiwan strait [ arats ] sends message to counterpart in taiwan expressing concern over damage caused by typhoon .
discharge of industrial sewage and waste water should be reduced and water for industrial use should be recycled in order to raise efficiency of water utilization .
fu tieshan pointed out : based on a harmonious coexistence with one another , various chinese religions should jointly guard against heretical impacts on orthodox religious beliefs .
he first came into contact with " falungong " when engaging in advanced studies in harbin in 1996 . afterwards , he soon fell into bewitchment .
supervisory , auditing , and financial departments should scrupulously abide by and fulfill each 's duties , and should have the courage to crack hard nuts .
in the new period , all other innovations are made under the guidance and impact of such theoretical innovation and is being promoted by such theoretical innovation .
as an important component part of its " new diplomatic concept , " russia is pushing its so-called " new asian diplomacy " in the asia-pacific region .
it is clear that the position of asia has been enhanced in russia 's all-round diplomatic arrangements and has become one of their " priority aspects . "
later , a report carried in the paper criticizing the guangxi yinxing industrial development corporation for violating urban construction planning again got him into big trouble .
if such an extreme measure is adopted only in an enterprise owned and managed by the serbs , no doubt , it will sharpen ethnic contradictions .
shen guofa said : the kosovo situation has not been fundamentally improved because violent incidents between the serbs and other ethnic groups have happened frequently .
dr. han wenzao added : the fact that there exist some unregistered religious bodies in china today is the result of the manipulation of foreign forces .
it is also a film that typically reflects the appealing power of advanced culture and the correctness of the thinking that " outstanding works can inspire people . "
this is the first time that chinese leaders of buddhism , taoism , islam , catholicism , and [ protestant ] christianity jointly visited a foreign country .
as a matter of fact , religious development has never been perfect in any country . there are many religious problems in the united states .
this newspaper recently revealed that the cpc will promote a large number of officials born in the 1960s and graduating from university in the 1980s .
[ hsu ] i feel that mainland china has set up a very high threshold for the " one-china principle " on its own accord .
however , what merits our attention is that chen shui-bian played this show under the current international climate and in the international space that he chose by himself .
a person in beijing 's military circles indicated that jiang zemin 's instructions on developing high-technology weapons and equipment have greatly inspired the whole army .
when clinton visited africa in 1998 , he claimed that the so-called new policy toward africa of the united states is to promote democratic transition and economic development .
third , science and technology have been greatly developed in this era of information and the influence of mass media on public opinion is increasing .
prompted by right-wing forces anxious to turn japan into a military power , japan began vigorously planning and designing the building of its own aircraft carrier .
in addition , in order to form an aircraft carrier battle group , japan will purchase two " aegis-class " destroyers of the latest design .
after that , japan declared it would comprehensively lift the sanctions on the dprk , thus laying a foundation for progress in the normalization of japanese-drpk diplomatic ties .
the author said : the consensus reached by arats and sef in 1992 was based on the two expressions separately put forward by the two organizations .
the article finally says : " the new leader of the taiwan authorities have repeatedly expressed his willingness to show sincerity and goodwill for dialogue and talks .
next , he also visited the site of the erdaohe farm headquarters to call on two families of workers , as well as visiting the nursery school .
the central committee has repeatedly emphasized that all the comrades in the party should study , study and study again , and ensure implementation again and again .
while facing the 21st century , we should mobilize all positive factors , overcome and restrain negative factors , and further promote the stable development of bilateral relations .
therefore , both sides agreed in principle that they should inform each other about their scientific exploration activities in the controversial waters of east china sea .
clinton 's remarks were the same as " pouring a pot of cold water " on nigeria and " dampening its enthusiasm " in seeking debt reduction .
wearing a dark color taoist hat and a taoist robe made of course cloth , master min had an elegant bearing of the sage-like type .
some officials involved in the xiamen yuanhua group smuggling case , which involved an amount as high as 80 billion yuan , will be tried next month .
however , because he was cooperative in exposing other officials involved in the case and returned the illicit money he made from smuggling , he was released .
however , the special case group explicitly told the family members that some of the officials involved will be prosecuted after mid- or late september .
and religion has unique efficacy in its role as a peace envoy and comforter , in healing the wounds of war , and in preaching tolerance and reconciliation .
the arats has good faith in promoting the early restarting of talks between the arats and the sef on this basis and in improving cross-strait relations .
a reporter asked : the united states will not send its parliamentary speaker to the conference . will this affect the relations between the us and chinese parliaments ?
shen guofang made the above remarks in an interview with chinese media at the entrance to the waldorf-astoria hotel , where chairman li peng is staying .
we agree to strengthen cross-strait economic cooperation , promote direct " three links " between the two sides , and promote exchanges in various fields .
premier zhu rongji will pay an official visit to japan soon . his visit will definitely further promote the atmosphere of friendship between our two countries .
strengthened cooperation of mutual benefit between china and japan will play an important role in facilitating asia 's development and prosperity in the next century .
in fact , china 's reform of its economic structure and political structural reform are being carried out simultaneously because the two are inseparably interconnected .
in certain regions where conflicts break out , the painstaking cries for peace of religious leaders are still being drowned amid endless gunpowder and flames of war .
he said , the benevolence , universal love , forgiveness , and reconciliation which religion advocates are precious spiritual sources for mankind in preserving peace .
china is a country of many religions , where the different religions coexist as good neighbors , and there has never been a savage religious war in china .
the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces is the soul of the armed forces and the basic guarantee for our armed forces ' attributes and objectives .
one of the important contents of the meeting is to meet and exchange views with delegates from the relevant countries who attend the meeting on invitation as observers .
after the sixth plenary session of the sixth cpc central committee , he was in charge of propaganda , education of cadres and theoretical research .
li peng said : the sino-australian relationship has smoothly developed . the npc of china has a good relationship with the australian senate and the house of representatives .
this congress of presiding officers of the iup is a good opportunity for talks . all sides will discover many common points during the exchange of views .
in enhancing international cooperation , it is also necessary to respect the sacred right of the people of various countries to choose their path of development .
tremendous changes have occurred since the new china was established 50 years ago , particularly over the past 20 years of reform and opening up .
over the past 20 years , we , while engaging in the economic structural reform , have also carried out political structural reform and democratic legal system building .
political behavior , as the external manifestations of a person 's political character and moral accomplishment , is an important component of the ideological and political quality .
according to public opinion in new york , voices from china are of great importance at present when some powers spare no effort to advocate unipolarization .
pc --- commentary by a chinese statesman residing in the united states entitled " chinese and americans work hand in hand for peace in 21st century . "
if we look at the future -- 20 or 30 years from now -- we will appreciate even more the importance of friendship between the two countries .
chile and china can strengthen exchanges and cooperation in this field . chile stands ready to act as a bridge between china and the other latin american countries .
in light of the situation facing this conference and its theme , i expounded on china 's viewpoint in my speech at the ipu conference .
while the world is moving toward multi-polarization today , france attaches great importance to the relations between france and china and between the european union and china .
zhao explained that china is willing to purchase more us products , but the americans are not willing to sell certain high technologies to us .
gennady seleznyov noted that speaker stroyev and he had ever visited china . they earnestly hoped that chairman li peng will pay a return visit .
he said that the two countries are close neighbors facing each other across the sea , and that the peoples of both countries have a long traditional friendship .
he shared npc chairman li peng 's views that congressional exchanges between the two countries are an important aspect of boosting the constant development of bilateral ties .
in yiwu city , zhejiang province , a bombing and shooting incident has left 15 village cadres , policemen , and villagers dead or wounded .
it is estimated that this year the area for grain will be reduced by over 50 million mu or over 3 percent to below 1.65 billion mu .
at present , with the drought in most areas of northern china continuously expanding , the drought in some areas of southern china began to surface .
practice is the sole criterion for testing truth , and is also the effective way for enhancing understanding of " three stresses " education in colleges and universities .
participating on the japanese side are about 100 commanding officers from various military districts . on the us side are about 200 commanding officers of the army level .
the joint command post exercise takes place every other year at indefinite us bases . about 100 military from both sides participate in the exercise .
" exercise keen edge " ' 96 was a combat exercise which took the western parts of japan 's northwestern territory as a certain place in north korea .
president kirchiril raman narayanan 's successful visit to china in may this year has helped push the development of bilateral relations to a new height .
he hoped that as a powerful nation in the arab world and the african region , egypt would play an important role in international and regional issues .
china and the united states should increase dialogue , reduce confrontations , increase mutual understanding , and strengthen cooperation on the basis of equality and mutual benefit .
one outstanding expression of the development of bilateral relations is that the friendly and cooperative relations between the legislatures of the two countries have been strengthened unceasingly .
he stressed : in addition to the cooperation between the governments of the two countries , china and brazil should strengthen the cooperation between their parliaments .
at the millennium summit , china 's representative reiterated this viewpoint and the presiding officials of the national parliaments of many countries expressed their agreement to this .
xinjiang university , shihezi university , and eight other universities and colleges have made use of their capable personnel to actively provide the armed forces with intellectual services .
it has been learned that at present , over 60 counties ( cities ) in xinjiang have been commended as examples of ethnic unity and army-people unity .
the personnel system should meet market-economy requirements how to speed up the reform of our personnel work is a question drawing the great attention of the public .
telecommunications departments should also improve their information channel technology , improve their service attitude , improve their service quality , and lower their service charges .
it has been learned : because of iceland 's special geographic characteristics and historic changes , the components of iceland 's population are relatively simple .
socialism means enabling the whole body of the people to get rich , and not only getting rich themselves , but also making the country rich and strong .
since the establishment of new china , we have consistently made efforts to give play to people 's democracy and have continually developed and improved democracy .
it is necessary to use the rule of law to oppose corruption and use the method of supervision by public opinion and of education to gradually resolve it .
beijing , september 4 ( xna ) -- the central academy of socialism held a ceremony today to mark the beginning of the fall 2000 semester .
adamkus said he was pleased to make a stop in iceland to meet li peng on his way to new york for the upcoming un millennium summit .
li peng emphasized that china will adhere to the peaceful foreign policy of independence and self-determination and wishes to establish friendly relations with all countries in the world .
we have always believed that differences in ideology and social systems could not obstruct the development of friendly relations between different countries , he said .
he also said he understands and respects the efforts the baltic countries have made to join the european union , and praised lithuania for upholding the one-china policy .
we should seize the opportunity provided by the turn for the better to bring the economy into a virtuous circle and achieve sustained development of the national economy .
relying on its traditional position and technical superiority in the field of arms sales , the united states continues to leave other countries far behind .
up until two or three years ago , people still thought that china 's energy supplies and demand were met chiefly by her domestic coal .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao issued a statement on 2 september , saying : the us side has adopted a sensible attitude on this issue .
the united states is expected to actively carry on research , development , and tests indeed , clinton has left a " hot potato " to his successor .
it was the principal tasks of china 's foreign affairs to ensure lasting peace and strive for peaceful coexistence and friendly cooperation with all countries in the world .
during his visit , jovanovic had an extensive exchange of views with castro and other cuban leaders on bilateral relations and international issues of common concern .
if china is to proceed with its social security system reform amid the above complex situation , the problems it will encounter can be imagined .
theodore said that the chinese army has long years of experience in army building , much of which can provide useful lessons to the trinidad-tobago army .
he said he highly appreciates china 's principle that all countries , big or small , rich or poor , strong or weak , should be equal .
presently , nearly half of the total number of colleges and universities in china have carried out or are carrying out " three stresses " education .
moreover , dai xianglong said : even if there is a need to expand the fluctuation range of the renminbi , the swings will not be too big .
the central government will consider the possibility to let deposit and loan interest rates for foreign currencies fluctuate freely so as to enhance mainland banks ' business competitiveness .
beijing , 5 sep ( xinhua ) -- the taiwan affairs office of state council held its first news conference in beijing on 5 september .
the hawaiian islands , known as " heart of the pacific , " are composed of over 20 principal islands located in the middle of the pacific ocean .
therefore , the western region should have a correct understanding of such a gap and arouse the enthusiasm of all sectors to strive to narrow the gap .
parliamentary exchanges are an important part of the relations between the two countries and both countries should make joint efforts to constantly strengthen such relations .
he said : it is still fresh in my memory that we had a very friendly conversation during your majesty 's visit to china last december .
in the united states , for instance , there are serious violations of human rights , and far from being put right , this situation is actually deteriorating .
abm trilogy the united states proposed its " strategic defense initiative " ( sdi ) , commonly called " star wars , " in 1983 .
at the same time , this also undermines the " missile technology control regime " ( mtcr ) which the united states itself promoted internationally .
with a little conversion , one can know the time that us strategic bombers would take to fly from guam to the airspace of each asia-pacific country .
he said the dpp takes a fairly cautious attitude on whether taiwan should move toward cross-strait unification , but it does not rule out unification .
does frank hsieh 's formulation of " not ruling out unification " contradict president chen shui-bian 's formulation that " unification is not the only option " ?
only through enhanced south-south cooperation can third world countries expect to reduce probable risk brought about by economic globalization and to realize their own prosperity and progress .
there is a need to promote exchanges between various civilizations and to borrow from each other based on the spirit of equality and democracy to seek common progress .
in addition , anti-dumping laws , anti-subsidy laws , and safeguard measures are also being drafted and will be submitted to the state council upon further improvements .
wen zaixing , deputy director of the moftec general office , made the above remark at today 's press briefing of the fourth china investment and trade fair .
an ancient chinese saying goes : " to know if something is straight , use a yardstick ; to know about surroundings , use a compass . "
though the united nations has made efforts to this end over the past many years , it still has to give more prominence to the issue of development .
li peng noted : china has assigned great importance to china-belarus relations , and we are satisfied with the present all-round growth of our bilateral ties .
i totally agree with what your excellency mr president has just said--that is , china and belarus are good friends and good partners who can trust each other .
although there are still many difficulties on our way ahead , we have the confidence to run well all our undertakings and to meet the preset goal .
we must jointly maintain , not undermine , the security council 's authority ; and we must jointly strengthen , not weaken , the security council 's role .
the main theme of the present meeting is to " ensure the role of the security council in safeguarding international peace and security , especially in africa . "
we must work together to maintain , rather than undermine , the authority of the security council and to strengthen , rather than weaken , its role .
wu yi said : china 's opening up to the outside world will enter a new phase as the progress for china 's wto accession accelerates .
the taiwan authorities failed to open the door of the united nations for them , because the proposal they concocted was entirely untenable in judicial logic .
chairman ( kailo ) also welcomed the visit to estonia by the delegation of the chinese npc 's china-estonia friendship group to increase mutual understanding and friendship .
jiang zemin put forward the following four-point principle for the further strengthening of unity and cooperation between china and organizations of developing countries : 1 .
the dprk will endeavor to build and develop friendly relations of cooperation with all countries which respect the dprk 's sovereignty and are friendly to the dprk .
however , factors affecting regional and world stability continue to exist , regional conflicts keep occurring , and the gap between the south and the north keeps widening .
in the future , we will continue to dedicate ourselves to carry out economic construction and to constantly raise the living standards of all the chinese people .
the source that leads to tension in the taiwan strait is those who try to engage in " taiwan independence " and try to split taiwan from china .
we should climb high so that we can look far and persevere in viewing and handling the two countries ' relations from a strategic and long-term perspective .
he said this indicates that china has successfully overcome the effect of the asian financial crisis and its macro economy has seen an important turn .
this also demonstrates that the chinese government not only has the experience to deal with inflation , but also has begun to get adept at controlling inflation .
this is the second large-scale joint reporting by reporters from both sides of the taiwan straits since the joint reporting of the three gorges in 1992 .
li lanqing stressed that education is a lofty public-interest undertaking , adding the need to further and to greatly promote the excellent trend of respecting teachers in society .
the international community at large immediately expressed their understanding of the response of the dprk , and the irregular behavior of the united states was duly criticized .
as for this sydney olympic games 2000 , the chinese olympic delegation has proposed its objective of " winning 16 gold medals at least . "
in particular , since blair became commander in chief in the pacific last year , he has become an advocate of deploying cruise missiles on guam .
not being familiar with new weaponry and equipment , some units do not dare or c really do not want to use these new things .
at the beginning of this year , the authorities publicly issued a " guide to campaign activities for the second legislative council elections " for public comment .
we sincerely hope that all the chinese people will be united in striving to realize the complete reunification of the chinese nation and its all-round revitalization .
in particular , the leaders at all levels must take special care of the old model workers as well as other older workers who have made historical contributions .
sihanouk expressed his heartfelt thanks to jiang zemin for offering the cordial meeting and wished president jiang a great success in attending the un millennium summit .
li peng emphasized that china upholds an independent foreign policy of peace and is willing to establish friendly relations with all countries of the world .
the " regulations governing traffic offense penalties for motorists from other cities " recently promulgated by liaoning have given them a great " reassurance . "
with regard to network operations and on-line content management , all departments should develop a cohesive force and exercise joint management , while enterprises should strengthen their self-discipline .
meanwhile , the mainland prohibits those visiting taiwan from making contacts with the evergreen group , a longtime supporter for chen shui-bian [ ch 'en shui-pien ] .
the reform is not only a fundamental transformation of the old structure but also a transformation of thinking patterns and an ideological revolution of the people .
therefore , new situations and new issues which were never experienced before are appearing in the face of people in almost every hour and minute .
however , we just cannot nurture correct thinking in greenhouse , because the flowers growing in greenhouse cannot withstand wind , frost , rain , and snow .
china has made clear its stance on this issue on many occasions , and japan has stated that it will deal with the matter properly .
li peng said that china shares a common border stretching more than 4,000 kilometers with russia and the friendship between the two peoples goes back a long time .
zhu rongji emphasized : to make a good start in the large-scale development of the western region , we must accelerate reform and opening up .
we are willing to join switzerland in striving for still better development of the friendship and mutually beneficial cooperation between our two countries in the new century .
should we protect human rights by copying the united states in sending in armored cars , helicopters. and cannon to deal with an evil cult ?
the spokesman said that there are no grounds for the " report 's " accusation that china is suppressing the underground catholic church and the protestant family church .
kim yong-nam asked dai bingguo to convey general secretary kim chong-il 's cordial regards to general secretary jiang zemin and his own regards to chairman li peng .
he emphasized that the democratization of international relations requires that we adhere to the principle of equality of national sovereignty as laid down in the charter .
the 1990 's was the period when economic globalization advanced most rapidly , and was also a period when the north-south gap continued to grow .
as international contacts and exchanges become more frequent , the common interests of the nations and the common challenges that they face are continually increasing .
large-scale humanitarian disasters must be prevented in the 21st century , and the tragedy of the slaughter of large numbers of innocent civilians cannot be repeated .
the us chamber of commerce and national association of manufacturers issued statements on the same day , welcoming the senate rejection of the thompson amendment .
they pointed out that understanding cultural background can help one understand the precise implications of a country 's foreign and domestic policies and the policy-maker 's original intentions .
to save face , the prosecutor 's side , on its initiative , suggested a compromise to the accused . a plea agreement was reached on 10 september .
defying their own safety , they also assumed the task of providing medical support in the course of the carrying and loading of dangerous goods .
on 20 march 1995 , the world was shocked by a case of sarin poisoning at the tokyo underground station which resulted in dozens of casualties .
the court also heard the views of the prosecuting and defending sides . cheng as the defendant and his lawyer also fully exercised their defending rights .
however , following his promotions , his thinking began to change and he began to have skewed world outlook and concepts of life and values .
during his visit , he had extensive contacts and exchanges with chinese leaders and with people from various circles , and his visit yielded major results .
this afternoon , chinese vice premier wu bangguo met with president de la rua , and the two attended a luncheon held for chinese and argentine entrepreneurs .
hastert said : the united states and china , two big countries with important influence in the world , should establish friendly and trusting ties .
he indicated that the development in the political ties between russia and china has created sound conditions for the economic and trade cooperation between the two countries .
some of lee 's coworkers with european ethnic backgrounds at the los alamos national laboratory likewise downloaded materials but they did not meet with any problems .
the prospect for resumption of cross-strait talks is not very optimistic , since the taiwan leader does not recognize the " one china " principle .
zeng jianhui said here today that the delegation has come to the us to strengthen exchange and understanding between the chinese npc and the us congress .
yu ji maintained : to china , " accession to the wto " is an economic issue . all the more , it is a legal issue .
however , since the 1990s , the international setting of our struggle against separatism has become more complicated , and news media abroad often carried distorted reports .
when we followed them and reported the incidents in a positive way , we could not eliminate the first impression created by the previous news reports .
at the meeting , zhao dengju , deputy procurator general of the supreme people 's procuratorate put forth a plan for investigating corruption in the days to come .
since lee wen-ho had already been kept under custody for 278 days , a period longer than the jail term , he was set free immediately .
luckily , lee wen-ho is a tough guy ; and in his fight for innocence , the contemptible plot of the fbi has fallen through .
the sentencing according to law of cheng kejie expresses the demand of governing the country according to law and the principle that everyone is equal before the law .
xu jialu focused his discussion on the question of education in the large-scale development of the western region and called for efforts to build a rational educational structure .
in january 1995 , he was promoted general manager of gitic shenzhen . in may that year , he was appointed chairman of the board of jingxin .
it is necessary for the supreme people 's court to hold this national work conference on education and training for the courts , and the meeting is timely .
the cpc central committee and the chinese government leaders have realized the seriousness of the corruption issue and the urgency of intensifying the anti-corruption struggle .
the courts in fujian 's xiamen , fuzhou , quanzhou and putian cities will again hold hearings on the xiamen yuanhua case today [ 16 september ] .
as an important component of the development of friendly sino-russian relations , exchanges between the two parliaments have also achieved positive results in recent years .
he also pointed out that human rights overriding sovereignty and infiltration into the ideological realm in the name of humanitarianism are the new trends of hegemonism .
the infiltration into other countries ' ideological realms is the new trend of hegemonism under the new situation , against which people should maintain vigilance .
china will not compromise its national sovereignty , territorial integrity , and national reunification , and it will not allow the taiwan issue to drag on indefinitely .
in the current institutional reform , the state bureau of tobacco monopoly will be preserved because the tobacco trade under its management is a monopoly one .
second , a direct information train has been started , barriers have been totally smashed , and information is shared in the whole cooperative zone .
our news media therefore attach very great importance to respecting the facts ; reports are verified before publication , and erroneous reports are corrected in good time .
" dajiang " class submarine rescue vessels are also equipped with long-distance communication facilities and helicopter platforms . they can be used as research ships .
shenzhen 's experience shows that the development of a market economy must be accompanied by reform of the political system that focuses on the system of government .
japan should attach importance to educating the younger generation in problems of history , and thus promote mutual understanding and trust between the two countries .
the next year will be the first year of china 's tenth five-year plan and a crucial one for china 's development of the western region .
according to some witnesses , lan fu was hand-cuffed and shackled when he was escorted from the quanzhou detention house to xiamen to stand trial .
it is precisely a misleading concept , and a very dangerous one too , that one should put all his stakes on the development of one field .
such geographical conditions lack strategic depth and leave limited room for maneuver and make it difficult to make the most effective use of high-performance weapons .
in particular , given the limited troop strength and armament in taiwan , it is extremely difficult to have all-round defense and to fight in all directions .
should a major energy crisis or war occur , taiwan 's economy will suffer heavy blows and this will also affect its capacity for military confrontation .
the characteristic of high concentration of industry and a relatively single-product economy is likely to suffer blows from global economic and unforeseen events , especially war .
the defensive weapons that the united states has provided to taiwan are also " sub-advanced , " that is , they are already obsolete or becoming so .
however , the idea of blindly pursuing " soft " methods at the expense of lowering or negating firepower is incompatible with the law of war development .
according to reports , every year nearly 100 tons [ as received ] of narcotics are shipped from afghanistan to the russian and european markets via central asia .
for instance , the afghan civil war linked up with the turmoil in tajikistan in central asia , and penetrated and spread to uzbekistan and kyrgyzstan .
in addition there are also extremely serious ecological problems in soil salinization , pollution from radioactive material , the exhaustion of water sources , and atmospheric pollution .
question : it has been reported that repair of the seoul-shinuiju railroad between the dprk and rok started recently . what comments do you have on this ?
the ninth five-year plan period is an important period of carrying forward and developing china 's cause of reform , opening up and socialist modernization .
let us open our arms and embrace the spring of the new century , achieve better results , and compose a more brilliant chapter of history .
not long thereafter , one of his subordinates , senior colonel yang gaiqing , was arrested for suspected smuggling . he named ji shengde during the interrogation .
after shi zhaobin was promoted to deputy secretary of the provincial party committee , huang yonghong continued to work as his secretary at the provincial level .
it may be said that in the past 50 years , the party 's three generations of collective leadership have devoted much energy to civil air defense work .
when working in shanghai , he inscribed a civil air defense project : " integration between peacetime and wartime efforts ; bring benefits to the people . "
from this we know that the cpc central committee , the state council , and the central military commission attach great importance to the civil air defense work .
the united states ' development of the nmd system is aimed , as it has declared , to cope with the threat of " rogue countries . "
it is now the crucial moment for the u.s. presidential election , and the two opposite camps have put political colorings on the nmd system .
in 1999 , the proportion of food expenditures for residents in the whole country to total expenditures was 49.3 percent , a decrease of 6.8 percent over 1995 .
opening up the china market has become the consensus of the american government and public , while american media may only be the megaphones of this consensus .
a number of people of foresight in the united states believe that trade is just trade and it should not be linked to other things .
yesterday , hong kong special administrative region 's chief executive tung chee-hwa and hong kong 's business circles welcomed the us senate 's pntr ratification .
china 's development will provide an even bigger market and greater economic and trade cooperation opportunities to various countries in the world , including the united states .
for example , of the six presiding judges of the civilian court 1 , all are under 40 and four hold master 's degree of law .
as the prosecutor had a large amount of evidence to be presented at the court , the hearing ended at around 1830 hours in the afternoon .
he said that all localities have achieved conspicuous results in making increased efforts in legal education among young people and teenagers and in the prevention of juvenile delinquency .
in order to fulfill this " strategic reserve , " beijing military region has persisted in running military affairs well under the overall situation of national economic construction .
in the course of putting empty and surplus barrack blocks into the " strategic reserve , " beijing military region has focused on maximizing military economic returns .
the victory of russia 's october revolution and the brilliant success of the soviet union 's socialist construction were results obtained under the guidance of marxism .
afterward , however , stalin gave up lenin 's " new economic policy " too early and , instead , established a highly centralized planned economic system .
accordingly , accomplishing the major goals of the " 9th five-year " plan on time will lay an excellent foundation for china 's development in the next century .
the accomplishment of the " 9th five-year " plan shows that we are ushering a china into the 21st century that has achieved across-the-board social improvements .
the accomplishment of the " 9th five-year " plan indicates that we are ushering a china into the 21st century that is full of vitality and vigor .
it was also during this period that the industrial revolution occurred in the west , with its rapid development of science and technology and the productive forces .
innovation and improvement of ideological and political work must be in line with the needs of unit building and aimed at solving practical contradictions and problems .
he said : human rights issues fall within the internal affairs of a country . china will not allow other countries to interfere in its internal affairs .
during the meeting , ismail amat introduced china 's policy on freedom of religious belief and the current basic state of the catholic church in china .
ding guangxun said : there are many similar issues but the theory that serves to explain these issues in a comprehensive and systematical manner has not yet established .
brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso met at the presidential palace on 21 september with chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan , who was on a formal visit in brazil .
at the same time , the " engel index " of urban and rural residents will be lowered to levels around 40 percent and 50 percent respectively .
vice president steve van andel , who is also chairman-ceo of amway corporation , will officially take over the post of amcham chairman next year .
all sectors must succeed in administering , managing , and operating things according to law and in protecting their own legitimate interests in accordance with law .
he believes : it is very important for china to play greater roles in the world and in the world trade organization [ wto ] .
the chinese government and people greatly value the traditional friendship between china and cambodia , which was personally created by king sihanouk and chinese leaders of older generations .
we must fully understand that this is a strategic task for the whole party as well as an important duty of organization departments , he said .
since early this year , china 's economy has seen an obvious trend of recovery and got onto the track of sustained rapid and healthy development .
therefore , how much effort that the united states will make in its action to maintain the status of euro is an issue that merits people 's attention .
the meeting examined and adopted the " report of the council work " and " letter to huangpu 's fellow students in taiwan and abroad . "
the main points of the reform were : one , a financial settlement center set up by the provincial financial department opened a unitary account with a bank .
with china 's accession to the wto , china will steadily move forward the work process of the renminbi 's convertibility under the capital items .
besides relevant government advisers , kim tae-chung was also accompanied by dozens of economic , cultural , and sports personalities on his visit to japan .
meanwhile , japan must also consider the issue of concluding free trade agreements with other surrounding countries , so that the japanese-rok relations can play a central role .
particularly india 's key diplomatic activities in 2000 : clinton visited india and indian prime minister vajpayee paid a return visit to the united states .
on arriving in india after concluding his trip to the united states , vajpayee also stressed that his trip " has further strengthened indian-us ties . "
by the end of last july , 3,648 of the 6,500 large and medium-size soe 's that operated in the red had bailed themselves out of their troubles .
annette lu also frantically clamored for " taiwan independence " while " on transit " in the united states on her tour of " gentle diplomacy . "
unless the current income distribution system is changed and an incentive mechanism established , it will be impossible to compete with foreign enterprises in the same sectors .
if we had experience in coping with inflation in the past , dealing with deflation would be a totally fresh task in front of us .
adjusting policies in good time according to the principal contradictions in different periods and at different stages is a primary prerequisite for successful macroeconomic control .
after the end of the cold war , the strategic needs about china required the united states to avoid the us-sino relations becoming worsening in all-round way .
blindly occupying the opponent 's territory and resources without wiping out their effective strength would have the contrary result of dispersing one 's own military forces .
a cadre engaged in real estate management in shanghai said : i am deeply touched by the noble spirit and upright conduct of li gaocheng .
the existence of so-called " small circles " is a typical embodiment of feudal ideology left over from the old society in some people 's minds .
some people are now only responsible to a " certain person " rather than responsible to the state , the party , and the people .
what they try to preserve is just the interests of the small clique . they never give thought to the interests of the party and the people .
li lanqing said : family planning is a national policy , a matter of great importance concerning the national economy and the people 's livelihood .
he said : the international institutions providing the world with public goods must strictly uphold political neutrality and fairly represent the interests of every member country .
he said that the 2001 foreign affairs budget tops 28.42 billion yuan , with its secret part topping 6.56 billion yuan , for a ratio of 23.1 percent .
soon after the state council accomplished its relocation plan , chongqing municipality immediately held a mobilization meeting , making concrete plans for the relocation work .
he claimed that since last year , 30 cases of policemen extorting confessions by means of torture and beating over 30 people to death have taken place nationwide .
although the cold war had ended , the west never dropped its vigilance against russia , and its conspiracy to weaken russia did not change in the slightest .
apart from that , after experiencing yeltsin 's frequent policy shifts , countries of east and west hope that russian foreign policy will remain stable and predictable .
in order to balance relations with north and south korea , putin will visit the rok by yearend to consolidate friendship and cooperation with the rok .
reforms plays a dominant role the ninth five-year plan marked a new stage in china 's economic development . it also marked a new stage of economic reform .
the conference pointed out : while fully affirming the results in banning paid news reporting , we should also be clearly aware of the existing problems .
the rok-dprk issue involves provisions stipulated by international agreements signed after world war ii . meanwhile , cross-strait issues are totally china 's internal affair .
he also asked prime minister phan van khai to give his regards to general secretary le kha phieu , president tran duc luong and other vietnamese leaders .
zhou yongkang continued : we should make every effort to build a high-quality cadre contingent to meet the requirements of the " three represents . "
the historic task of training and bringing up high-quality leaders to meet our needs in the new century has put party schools in a more important position .
lastly , tang jiaxuan expressed the belief that the friendly cooperative relationship between china and cuba certainly will move toward a higher level in the new century .
apart from building the yanan telecommunications bureau , our army also managed to build a telecommunications network for other strategic areas , base areas , or democratic regimes .
all priority cities set up civil air defense communication stations to gradually establish a wired and wireless command network and an intelligence and alarm notification network .
this work must be carried out in an organized and measured way under the unified leadership of the party committees and government at all levels .
reform of rural taxes and charges is another major reform in the rural areas following the land reform and the institution of the contract system .
this is beneficial not only for expanding domestic demand and promoting economic development but also for consolidating the worker-peasant alliance and maintaining enduring tranquillity in the country .
if followers took part in the " advanced-study course " hosted by shoko asahara , every three " hearings " would cost 2 million yen .
recently , some countries which have suffered from these cults have adopted decisive and resolute measures to crack down on them , so as to ensure social stability .
using the increase of consumption as a key to boosting domestic demand the cpc central committee and the state council adopted a variety of measures to increase consumption .
the state 's expenditure has increased by 54 billion yuan to implement these measures , which benefited more than 84 million people in all parts of the country .
after normalization of bilateral relations in 1991 , cooperation and exchanges between china and vietnam in various fields have developed constantly in both depth and scope .
to improve the quality and results of education , it is very important for us to think hard about and make more efforts at classroom education .
these theses constitute the basic rules and clear requirements of the party 's third-generation core of leadership for the responsibilities of party committees in ideological and political leadership .
the fact that taiwan is an inalienable part of chinese territory [ zhong guo ling tu ] is based on refutable historic , legal , and actual foundations .
the guidelines of the 15th national party congress and the ideas of the " three represents " are the succession and development of deng xiaoping theory .
comrades working in the people 's congresses , the leading cadres in particular , must study industriously to repeatedly enhance their theoretical level and professional standard .
a continuously , rapidly , and healthily advancing china full of vigor and vitality will certainly stand like a giant in the east of the world .
people 's world view is closely linked to their ideals and beliefs , and a person 's ideals and beliefs depend on his world view .
cheng kejie regarded the power given him by the people as a tool for pursuing private interests , with the result that he ended up in total ruin .
criticism and self-criticism is a fine tradition and work style of our party and an important magic weapon for resolving problems within the party itself .
all media outlets , enterprises , residential districts , and schools should strengthen their efforts to publicize safety knowledge and enhance the sense of safety precaution in society .
in spite of this , there are still numerous obstacles to mainland-bound investment by taiwan 's enterprises . the biggest hurdle is the taiwan authorities ' obstruction .
the staff working as aides to leading cadres must be subject to constant education and effective management and supervision of the party organizations in their own units .
while reinforcing collective leadership , we cannot and should not weaken individual responsibilities . individual responsibilities in the division of work form the foundation for collective leadership .
this has indicated that both dprk and rok have placed " military and economy " on the track of dialogue on " safety and cooperation . "
efforts should mainly be made in the following aspects : first , deepening understanding and taking initiative in doing a good job in conducting admonitory education .
it is necessary to organize inspections , discover good examples , give publicity to them , sum up successful experience , and spread it in the whole region .
fourth , making proper coordination and comprehensive arrangements , closely combining admonitory education with the efforts for advancing economic construction and improving party style and government conduct .
both sides will continue to expand and deepen the relations between the two countries in order to serve better the interests of the peoples of the two countries .
this sonorous , forceful , firm and bold declaration has echoed in the boundless sky and in the hearts of the 1.2 billion chinese people .
the main tasks set by the ninth five-year plan have been successfully completed , and the tenth five-year plan is to be implemented as of next year .
some members of the opposition took an attitude of opposing such absurdities , holding that acting in this fashion would damage japan 's relations with neighboring countries .
in keeping with the republic 's big and majestic strides forward , new achievements have also been made in the modernization of national defense and the armed forces .
imperialists opened the door to china with their gunboats , and , under the protection of treaties of inequality , thousands of western missionaries came to china .
why did the vatican insist on canonizing them as " saints " in spite of strong opposition from the chinese government and the chinese catholic church ?
the history of modern china is a record of the numerous crimes committed by foreign missionaries relying on " extraterritoriality " brought by unequal treaties imposed on china .
the roars that soar to the firmament sound of our hearty cheers amid surging emotions . have you ever seen the racing current of the chang jiang ?
it can be said that the chinese athletes ' victory is a victory for patriotism as well as a victory for the enterprising spirit of the chinese nation .
navigation satellites were successfully launched in 1960 ; the building of a gps navigational system using a network of 24 such satellites started in 1978 .
these satellites have provided high-precision , all-weather , and worldwide radio navigation and position-fixing services for sea , land , and air use throughout the world .
he said : " britain all along has supported china 's wto accession because china 's integration into the multilateral trade system will benefit all parties .
both the socialism with chinese characteristics and the socialism that suits vietnam 's national conditions are organic , dialectic integration of universality and particularity of socialism .
it is a new attempt in the historical development of marxism to build socialism in an eastern country like china with relatively underdeveloped economy and culture .
only in this way will it be possible for us to uphold the party 's leadership and promote the people 's democracy while acting strictly according to laws .
the key to solving all problems in china lies in the party . whether china will run into perils will also depend on the party 's performance .
under the us defense department 's plans , the bulk of the defense budget is allocated for purchases of weapons and equipment , totaling $ 64 billion .
in longgaotang diocese in fuqing city , many priests were once arrested . one of them was beaten up to the point that he spit out blood .
only in this way when higher and lower levels make concerted efforts can a tremendous force take shape to ensure good results in " managing officials strictly . "
in some units , cadres always have this or that kind of problems . in most cases , the reason lies in management , which is too lax .
chinese sportsmanship is an important component of china 's socialist cultural and ethical progress . it is the precious spiritual wealth of the chinese nation .
the chinese athletic spirit is an important component of china 's socialist spiritual civilization . it is a valuable spiritual treasure of the chinese people .
the germans vote with rationality to elect politicians to rule their countries ; there is no attempt to please the public with claptrap or showmanship .
if talks are held next year , unexpected variables will increase . it is absolutely impossible for the cross-strait issue to remain unsettled over a long time . "
hong kong , 4 oct ( zts ) -- taiwan 's kuomintang [ kmt ] " premier " tang fei announced his resignation on 3 october .
during the interview , lien chan for the first time clearly expressed his willingness to take part in the direct election of the chairman of kmt .
reporter : as the chairman of the largest opposition party , what are your expectations and comments on the new government 's mainland affairs policy ?
taiwan 's infrastructure construction is relatively backward in comparison with other countries in the world . this is a weak point in competing with other countries .
will the emergence of such a minority government have a good or bad influence on taiwan 's political situation and the development of cross-strait relations ?
( v ) time and practical results will let the taiwanese people gradually come to realize " precisely where taiwan 's real future lies . "
the mainland source said that in a rivalry between the new dpp-led government and political parties , tang fei 's departure is just a matter of time .
as at the end of june this year , the total number of urban laid-off employees who had stayed unemployed and the registered unemployed stood at 11.2 million .
among them , 6.77 million were employees laid off from state enterprises : 95 percent of them had entered reemployment service centers and 96 percent collected subsistence pay .
from the powerful push of the taiwan government to open " three small links , " it appears that they seem not to care about these points .
he harshly disclosed that " governments of european countries ( the earliest one seemed to be the russian government ) have started to carve up china .
several years of learning high-tech knowledge has widened the vision of the officers and men and enhanced their sense of crisis and sense of urgency .
a passageway has been opened between classroom and battlefield , and the study of high-tech knowledge has been organically integrated with the drill on high-tech combat skills .
he also particularly stressed the need to implement the requirements of the " three represents " in the work of building a high quality cadre contingent .
however , our research in this regard remain in the initial stage , and things are developing unevenly . our work in some aspects obviously lags behind .
democratic recommendation , comments , and appraisal is the main form and practice for expanding the degree of democracy in the aspect of cadre appointment .
when analyzing a situation and evaluating an administrator 's performance , one should of course consider his government 's main orientation and its handling of major cases .
the 15th national cpc congress had written deng xiaoping theory into the party constitution and regarded its as our guidance for action along with marxism-leninism-mao zedong thought .
during the ninth " five-year plan " period , our party had adhered to this basic policy , thereby comprehensively promoting china 's economic and social development .
on 22 january 1999 , the cpc central committee made a proposal to the npc standing committee on revising part of the contents of the constitution .
wu yi said that in the world today , the vigorous development of the science and technology revolution is causing profound changes in world economy and social life .
along with the brilliant successes of our athletes at the olympics , people were joyfully celebrating the 51st anniversary of the founding of the republic .
i have a clearer picture now of their sinister ambitions , they do not want to improve people 's physique but to disrupt social order . "
the nearly 10,000 ethnic chinese and overseas chinese who came to the function were very angry at this ugly performance and derided them as " scum . "
several score " falungong " members forcibly held a gathering outside the site , without permission from the local city authorities , in a bid to cause trouble .
he expressed that cherishing , consolidating and developing traditional friendship between the two countries is the consistent stand of the wpk and the dprk government .
this means that beginning from the new century , china will enter a new stage of comprehensively building a well-off community and speeding up its modernization program .
in economy , the trend of global high-tech development and the large-scale development of the western region will also be major topics for discussion during the session .
after the great revolution failed , he took part in several insurrections to " storm the city " by peasants and workers in liling against the white terror .
after the founding of new china , the cpc central committee decided to transfer a batch of leading cadres from the armed forces to the diplomatic front .
working under the direct leadership of the late premier zhou enlai and vice premier chen yi , he earnestly implemented the central committee 's foreign policy .
the burmese government and leaders also praised comrade geng biao on many occasions for his important contributions to the development of sino-burmese friendship and cooperation .
the dispatch of u.s. troops to the gulf area implies a move to prevent russia from " contending for spheres of influence " with the united states .
despite the war clouds hanging over the gulf area , both sides have left some room for turning around , rather than make the matter final .
china 's stand of condemning the use of force against ordinary people is clear and its stand on resolving differences through talks and dialogue is consistent .
in addition , people are deeply impressed by the fine spiritual outlook shown by the north korean people 's army and the north korean people .
china has established an investment and trade development center in mozambique . he believed that it will promote the development of bilateral economic and trade relations .
at a foreign ministry news conference today , zhu bangzao reiterated : china objects the supply of arms equipment and related technology to taiwan by any country .
in this case , the taiwan authorities should make a wise choice . after all , " whoever understands the times is a wise man . "
cho myong rok chose to visit the united states following the historic two-korea summit and prior to kim chong-il 's upcoming visit to the republic of korea .
economic and trade cooperation between china and japan has entered a stage of multilevel , multifaceted , multiform , and mutually beneficial and complementary development .
( 2 ) the dprk has a stock of 500 " scud " missiles of various kinds and will continue to produce " nodong " missiles .
no doubt the us department of defense has complained in its report : " the rok is designing a kind of communications system that cannot be jointly used .
aa --- chengdu military region group army conducts live-ammunition exercises to boost capacity for equipment support ( 2,800 chrts , p 9 , text ) .
the main attack combat was very acute : our armored attack unit was neutralized by enemy fire , which damaged three tanks and two armored transport vehicles .
changing " fixed-point " support to mobile support for many years , fixed-point support has become the main form of our military 's equipment support .
he said that china and zambia are trustworthy friends , the sino-zambian friendship has always been the same , and bilateral relations have been developing further .
the successful launching of the first man-made earth satellite on 4 october 1957 struck up a tune of prelude of mankind 's entry into the space .
in the subsequent 40-odd years , the space technology developed rapidly , and considerable headway was made in space application and space science as well .
we must , on the basis of persistently seeking unity between speed and efficiency , enable the national economy to develop at a relatively rapid speed .
we must carry forward the party 's fine style , pursue and tackle realistic and practical work , and oppose and overcome formalism and bureaucracy .
the session examined , discussed , and approved the " proposals of the cpc central committee on drawing up the 10th five-year plan for national economic development . "
in the areas of trade and economic cooperation , the chinese government has encouraged more enterprises to carry out mutually beneficial cooperation in various forms .
on 16 october , he will return to tokyo to meet and have lunch with emperor akihito before attending a press conference in the afternoon .
the truth is , yen loans have played an important role in sino-japanese economic and trade cooperation and are in the common interests of both sides .
during that period , annan talked with arafat on four occasions and with barak on two occasions , and ivanov also talked with barak on two occasions .
for the hong kong economy to continue moving forward and for society to enjoy harmony and stability , the problem of this segment of people must be solved .
a number of chinese experts have pointed out that it is as though a whole generation has passed in sino-japanese relations , compared with the period before normalization .
the existence of the historical problem between china and japan has a very big impact on their diplomatic relations and on the feelings of their peoples .
in his speech last 20 may , president jiang emphasized that " in the final analysis , sino-japanese friendship is friendship between their peoples . "
reports that his " swift and resolute " handling of affairs is highly praised by federal reserve board chairman alan greenspan are also widely circulated in japan .
it has been proven in practice that upholding the socialist road with chinese characteristics is the only and correct choice for achieving a prosperous and powerful china .
china and africa have established a cooperation mechanism , and the two sides should transform the common understanding reached during the meeting into practical action .
he said that this time he will take over former primer minister obuchi 's unfulfilled wish and is very pleased to welcome premier zhu rongji 's visit .
on cooperation in the great development of china 's western regions , we hope to make specific progress during premier zhu rongji 's visit to japan . "
the old generation of chinese leaders and the precursors of the african liberation movement laid together a solid foundation for sino-african ties of friendship and cooperation .
jiang zemin pointed out : this year marks the turn of the century . various countries are seeking and planning development for the new century .
roundup by zts reporter : " beijing experts on current situation and development of sino-japanese relations ; " cite remarks of people from academic circle .
at the same time , the tide of economic globalization , regional cooperation , and the information revolution is pounding at the traditional pattern of international relations .
chinese premier zhu rongji today began his trip to japan and the republic of korea [ rok ] . he will attend the third asia-europe summit meeting .
the two sides stress that the economies of the two countries have their respective advantages , and that they are highly complementary to each other .
the two sides agree that the government departments of the two countries should continue to create favorable conditions and provide convenience for the two-way trade and investment .
jiang zemin said : sound political relations between the two countries lay a solid foundation for economic and trade cooperation , to which china pays close attention .
the focus in the next stage of training the troops through science and technology should be on making great efforts in all-round promotion , popularization , and enhancement .
a salient feature of the loans extended by financial institutions was vigorous increase of short-term loans to meet the needs of enterprises for circulating funds for corporate development .
some of the opinions and trends in japan in the areas of history , taiwan , and security have damaged the trust of the chinese people toward japan .
the important thing is to absorb useful lessons from this , continuing to stick to the road of peaceful development and never allowing historical tragedies to be reenacted .
the important thing is to absorb useful lessons from this , continuing to stick to the road of peaceful development and never allowing historical tragedies to be reenacted .
some of the opinions and trends in japan in the areas of history , taiwan , and security have damaged the trust of the chinese people toward japan .
in the modern times , relations between the two countries have undergone a period of adversity , leaving us with a profound lesson and enlightenment .
the military expert held that it is necessary for troops to have a large-scale military exercise once every couple of years in times of peace .
sponsoring such a high-ranking multilateral forum on such a large scale can be said to be a great pioneering move in the history of china-africa relations .
the dprk and the rok successfully held a summit and issued a joint communique last june . this has led to new developments in the korean peninsula .
to safeguard its interests in asia and increase its influence in the korean peninsula , the united states accelerated the adjustment of its policy toward the dprk .
zhu rongji pointed out : taiwan has always been chinese territory . after world war ii , the international community recognized that taiwan was returned to china .
nothing positive would come out of concealing or watering down history and only by drawing lessons from history can the two peoples remain friendly for generations to come .
the credit should also go to comrade wu yuzhang , first president of the chinese people 's university and a well-known proletariat revolutionist and educator .
in the new century , china 's modernization building will undergo further development , while its undertaking of building socialism with chinese characteristics will be further perfected .
he said : in northern areas , especially in areas of north china , water shortage has become increasingly serious , and this problem must be resolved .
we understand that , prior to zhu rongji 's visit , fanuc has also been visited by the japanese imperial couple and former british prime minister thatcher .
china 's economic development has now reached the mid-industrialization period , and the basic framework of a socialist market economy system is also now beginning to be established .
second , providing material guarantee to achieving the people 's decisionmaking right on development , particularly the material public goods that the people are unable to supply .
the online military training conducted on a silent battlefield has shown the new development of reforming the means of training through application of scientific and technological advances .
resolute efforts have been made to disengage the army and the armed police forces from all business activities and to have them only eat " imperial grains . "
there are prominent contradictions in the agricultural crop structure , and the variety and quality of agricultural products cannot completely meet the demands of improving living standards .
not long afterwards , wu gave tong a phone call , saying that her son was on the way to his company and asked him to receive him .
the two chairmen of this meeting , cppcc vice chairman song jian and former british deputy prime minister michael heseltine , also spoke at the opening ceremony .
at the station , the japanese public stopped and watched when they saw the chinese premier and gave him a warm applause when he boarded the train .
however , i also want to point out that china speaks highly of the formal statement that prime minister murayama had made to asian people .
zhu rongji said that china 's investment climate is basically good . otherwise , china 's yearly foreign direct investment cannot exceed $ 40 billion .
lee hsien loong reiterated that singapore will never change its one-china policy . he hoped that the taiwan question will be resolved in a peaceful fashion .
israel 's military operations have further aggravated the open confrontation between the palestinian and israeli armed forces and made the situation even grimmer in the palestinian areas .
china is fully in favor of mutual exchanges between the younger generation of china and japan , including by students studying abroad , and has improved their predicament .
the intensity of this pro-active fiscal policy will also be a " discretionary choice " to be made in light of changes in the macroeconomic situation .
according to engels , the marriage of science and philosophy resulted in materialism , the age of enlightenment , and the political revolution in france .
prescott thanked vice premier wu bangguo for inviting him to visit china , and agreed with wu bangguo 's positive comments on sino-british bilateral ties .
fu quanyou briefed the guests on china 's domestic situation , army building , and the chinese government 's principled stand on the taiwan issue .
in recent years , under the direct leadership and active promotion of the jiangxi provincial cpc committee and government , tourism is gaining momentum in its development .
the committee members say that while continuing to implement a positive financial policy , the financial sector must also lend more support to the economy .
it was learned that , earlier today , some reporters from hong kong asked zhu rongji whether he was dissatisfied with the report by a hong kong paper .
i am not criticizing that newspaper , zhu rongji said . i just want to note that they did not fully understand the situation , he added .
just as the white paper states , factors of instability and uncertainty in the world have noticeably increased , and the world is not peaceful at all .
when the three " if " situations were mentioned for the first time in the previous white paper concerning the taiwan issue , they created a big shock .
answer : undoubtedly , the judgment about the international security situation and china 's security environments is a premise for formulating its national defense policy .
the live drama " extracting teeth from a tiger 's mouth " was played out by a certain " heroic " tank unit under the beijing military region .
on bilateral economic and trade relations , zhu rongji pointed out that sino-rok economic and trade cooperation is facing a fine opportunity for expansion and development .
the two sides also agreed to set up a sino-rok investment promotion organ , so as to further deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in the investment field .
to express support for china 's western development , the rok government has decided to provide $ 5 million in investment capital for cooperation in greening the mountains .
he said , china unswervingly supports the improvement of south-north relations and sincerely hopes that the process of south-north reconciliation will continue to forge ahead .
after the talks , zhu rongji and kim tae-chung attended the ceremony for signing the " extradition treaty between the prc and the rok . "
he said : " we are glad to see that the rok 's economy has overcome the influence of financial crisis and regained a rapid growth . "
he said : the good economic situation and prospects for development in china and the rok have provided favorable conditions for strengthening cooperation between the two sides .
therefore , i wish to put forward the following suggestions : first , it is necessary to promote all-round cooperation between china and the rok in various fields .
kim dae-jung said at the banquet : although this is premier zhu 's first visit to south korea , china has all along been our closest friend .
superb literary works and outstanding authors must be rooted in the home soil of their own culture and rooted within the emotions of one 's own people .
the eastern coastal areas should adopt a variety of methods to actively support and participate in western development and promote the accelerated development of central and west china .
only by persisting in such pluralism and continuing to readjust and perfect the ownership structure can we suit and promote the development of the socialist productive forces .
he added : a sino-german environmental cooperation meeting will be held in beijing in december , and german foreign minister fischer will visit china at that time .
the german government also attaches great importance to the sino-german environment meeting to be held in beijing and i believe that the meeting will be successful .
many localities and departments established leading small groups for warning educational work headed by the principal leading comrades of the party committees ( leading party groups ) .
market players in taiwan pointed out that it was changes in cross-strait relations that could create a great and deep impact on taiwan 's stock market .
meanwhile , it will be impossible if the leadership in taiwan intends to carry out talks on the " three links " by bypassing the one-china policy .
commentary : reform , opening , s & t progress--strong power to promote economic devpt ( on implementation of 5th plenum spirit and fulfillment of trans-century goal ) .
reform and opening up have emancipated productive forces ; scientific and technological progress have developed productive forces the people 's initiative and creativity burst out unprecedentedly .
the new government should throw away its ideology or belief and return to the fundamental aspect of economy to establish people 's confidence in it .
a look at the history of the new china from a turn-of-the-century perspective will make people deeply feel : that development is the overriding principle .
accelerated development is urgently required by the effort to continually raise our country international status and to ensure the chinese nation 's position among nations of the world .
yohei kono said : japan has persistently and actively supported china 's speedy entry into the world trade organization and will continue its efforts in this regard .
zeng qinghong , alternate member of the cpc central politburo and member of the central secretariat , however , withdrew from the clgta to concentrate on party affairs .
new developments have been made in scientific and technological cooperation between the two sides since the asem science ministers meeting in beijing in october 1999 .
the responsible person stressed : we have always upheld the principle of one china and maintained that the mainland and taiwan both belong to one china .
we give high appraisal of the political resolution made by president kim tae-chung and chairman kim chong-il and deeply respect you for your farsighterdness and sagacity .
this , being a major survey of the national conditions and national strength , is a major event in the country 's political and social lives .
he called on the two countries to remove prejudices and hostilities and make joint efforts to genuinely establish " strategic partnership " in the new century .
under the active initiation and vigorous support of sichuan provincial party committee secretary zhou yongkang , sichuan has become host for the first " western forum . "
this could be proved by the fact that 1,700 persons have now signed in for the forum , the attendance at which was originally estimated to be 600 .
in the past , people tended to equate state enterprise workers to state cadres , and they were unwilling to take up jobs in ordinary service industries .
this has given a great impetus to zhejiang 's industrialization and urbanization , and also to the province 's efforts to enhance the living standards of its people .
the second special characteristics of zhejiang 's individual and private economies is that in the course of their development , they have linked production closely with circulation .
by the end of last year , zhejiang had already had 144 large private enterprise groups , and i predict that the figure will grow higher this year .
if there were any deficiencies in our support for the development of private enterprises in the past , we will surely make improvements in the future .
in a word , we will fulfill our duties as the government in creating a satisfactory environment of fair competition for all enterprises in our province .
the lianhe zaobao press delegation was led by zhou jingrui , senior executive vice president ( chinese newspaper group ) of the singapore press holdings group .
the two sides of the strait must look ahead and seek new consensus , which is better than going round and round following old set patterns .
president jiang zemin inscribed a message for the founding anniversary of the association . the message reads : " develop china-japan friendship , promote common development . "
hu jintao spoke highly of the contributions that the japan-china friendship association has made in promoting the development of sino-japanese friendly relations over the past 50 years .
the rapid development of the two countries ' nongovernmental friendly contacts has been playing an irreplaceable role in the development of the two countries ' relations .
during the visit , premier zhu stated many times that the mainstream of sino-japanese relations is good , but there also indeed exist some problems .
to improve the style of study , we should adopt a scientific attitude toward our study of all other knowledge and foreign practices and experiences .
with the end of the cold war , international relations have witnessed changes , and a trend of mitigation and improvement has emerged in dprk-us relations .
therefore , when the dprk and the united states are actively seeking the improvement of relations , many countries in the world have given their welcome and support .
establishing a socialist culture and ideology and developing a socialist culture with chinese characteristics represents an important aspect and guarantee of the drive to socialist modernization .
reforms represent a profound social change , so they inevitably require a readjustment of interests , structural transformations , and the updating of our concepts .
zhu stated that leaders in many countries , including the prime minister of denmark and the leaders of portugal and the united kingdom , supported his idea .
premier zhu pointed out that the key to safeguarding the political basis for the sino-japanese relations lies in handling well the issues of history and taiwan .
during the visit , premier zhu has expressed on many occasions that the main stream of the sino-japanese relations is favorable but some problems do exist .
many people are content with the current conditions of being able to live stably and sufficiently , and are short of a aspiration of making further progress .
the " 9th five-year " plan was an important " five-year plan " for the past 20 years since the implementation of the reform and opening-up program .
the phenomenon of shortages of industrial and agricultural products basically came to an end , and a buyer 's market emerged . this constitutes an enormous change .
nevertheless , the plan worked out under market economic conditions is not the same as the plan formulated under planned economic conditions in the past .
under the current plan , the government does not control everything . it only controls the major policy , the major direction , and the major strategy .
the proposal for formulating the " 10th five-year " plan is composed of 16 parts or 16 aspects . it is different from the previous five-year plans .
a general preface covers the train of thought in all four aspects and then dwells on the issue of development in the rest of the preface .
therefore , we must rely more on the advancement of science and technology and on system reform so as to improve the overall quality in promoting economic growth .
either in the current situation in the world or in the actual situation that china now faces , it is absolutely necessary to strengthen our national defense .
the npc law committee put forward opinions on revising 10 aspects of the draft amendments to the taxation management law , which was previously deliberated .
it can be predicted that china 's economy will develop from a new starting point and on an ever larger scale in the new century .
he said : we have just attended the asia-europe [ asem ] meeting in seoul , where we reached consensus on expanding and deepening asem cooperation .
speaking of sino-eu economic relations and trade , zhu rongji pointed out : generally speaking , the momentum is good for sino-eu economic cooperation and trade .
fu quanyou briefed the guests on china 's domestic situation , military building , and the chinese government 's principled position on the taiwan issue .
the important idea of " three represents " has penetratingly and clearly pointed out the direction of endeavor for the party building under the new situation .
he even predicted that " chen shui-bian 's government is still enjoying a honeymoon period given by the public but problems are nevertheless awaiting him . "
the reason is no other than the mainland had repeatedly issued the stern warning : " taiwan independence " means war and disintegration entails no peace .
it is common knowledge that originally the mainland side did not have any degree of trust in the dpp and chen shui-bian to speak of .
under such a circumstance , of course there should be nowhere to start resuming the contacts and dialogues and consultative talks between the two shores .
he said that this will be china 's 11th delegation to such a meeting since it became a dialogue partner of the south pacific forum in 1989 .
zhu rongji expressed satisfaction over the development of friendly cooperation between china and syria in various spheres since the establishment of diplomatic relations more than 40 years ago .
on the morning of 24 october , president of the supreme people 's assembly kim yong-nam and foreign minister paek nam-sun each met with albright .
the chinese people 's volunteers ' entry into the war was selfless aid rendered to the dprk people by the fraternal chinese people who displayed an internationalist spirit .
pan --- article by xiao yusheng hails the spirit of the war of resisting us aggression and aiding korea ( 2,000 chrts , p 3 , text ) .
the chinese nation always possesses the excellent tradition of patriotism , which is the basis for this nation 's survival , independence , and development .
in that war , the chinese people , under the leadership of the communist party of china , had forged unprecedented and broad national unity .
the enemy had air supremacy . their planes could drop bombs anytime they liked . in this case , the headquarters ' safety was under constant threat .
" commander peng , you are wrong . i am carrying out the central authorities ' orders , the central authorities will take care of you . "
" let 's discuss how we should conduct our air defense tomorrow ; we had better let commander peng participate , " deng hua said .
" if you are afraid of danger , you leave ; i am not afraid , i am staying here , i am not going anywhere ! "
we have both the objective need and the positive conditions , which means our country must , and we can , seize the opportunity to accelerate development .
a socialist society is a comprehensively developed society , and only by taking care of both civilizations can we meet the essential requirements of socialism .
in spite of this , the dprk disregarded the united states ; it stuck to " its old ways " and launched counterattacks from time to time .
following the historic south-north summit on the korean peninsula in june this year , us dominance in the peninsula 's future affairs was called into question .
general secretary jiang zemin wrote on the ribbon attached to the wreath : " the meritorious services and great deeds of the chinese volunteers will live forever . "
in the final analysis , some cadres ' pursuit of forms and false reputation is just for decorating their appearances and gaining appreciation and promotion from leaders .
as of the deadline time last night , this paper 's effort to contact the sunday telegraph 's editorial department about this story had not been successful .
tibet is rich in resources and has a great potential and a tremendous value for development , and it is one of our country 's reserve-resources bases .
at this point , all the farces plotted by the " falungong " during the olympic games had gone bankrupt and met with their despicable ends .
the central leaders have also particularly stressed the need to take the initiative to supervise our leading cadres by stepping up advance supervision and advance prevention .
thanks to auditing , those areas have refined their cadre management or supervision systems and gathered reference information for their cadre management departments to appraise or appoint cadres .
it must be noted , however , the problem of fake and shoddy products has not been radically eliminated despite repeated efforts to prohibit such products .
all provincial , regional , and municipal people 's governments should have their principal leaders undertake the responsibility for organizing and conducting the work in this respect .
he said : the war to resist us aggression and aid korea 50 years ago was a great heroic deed to resist aggression and to defy powers .
in judicial work , however , there is still a phenomenon in which attention is paid to substantive law instead of procedural law , which must be corrected .
he said : judicial reform should include how to make it possible for organs of state power to more effectively exercise their power to supervise judicial organs .
in conclusion , li peng said : strengthening the basic construction of grass-roots people 's courts is a major question in building the ranks of judicial personnel .
this is heartfelt sentiment from a loyal communist . this is one more dazzling ray of light that burst out of the noble personality of xia yan .
it can be said that this asia-europe meeting will exert a tremendous impact on asian-european relations as well as global development in the new century .
however , due to the backwardness in protection technology , management methods , system construction , and professional training , the cases of leaking secrets have emerged occasionally .
however , since protection technology , management measures , system development , and talent training lag behind , leakage of information happens from time to time .
he pointed out that china 's strategy of developing the western region will improve the ecological environment and promote the coordinated development of regional economies .
beijing , 27 oct ( xinhua ) -- the central party school held a summing-up and commendation meeting today to mark the 15th anniversary of correspondence education .
china and burma are friendly neighbors joined by mountains and rivers , and the people of each country have had close and friendly contact since ancient times .
to properly amend the marriage law in light of the new situation will be of great significance to and yield far-reaching impact on promoting socialist spiritual civilization .
tian congming briefed mori on the second annual symposium on sino-japanese ties , which was jointly sponsored by the xinhua news agency and yomiuri shimbun in tokyo .
hu jintao said : the splendid culture of the chinese nation is the spiritual ties linking us together , and the great motherland is our common home .
nearly 300 personages from taiwan , hong kong , and macao women 's circles attending the second women symposium on development and exchange took part in the meeting .
the participants also put forward opinions and suggestions on stipulations concerning qualifications for people 's jurors with educational level at or above senior middle school .
beijing , 28 oct ( zxs ) -- president jiang zemin met with former german president richard von weizsacker in zhongnanhai on the morning of 28 october .
pan --- supreme court vc pres li guoguang says wto rules will prevail over prc laws in civil lawsuits involving foreign parties after china joins wto .
china welcomes more personalities from the european parliament to conduct on-the-spot observation in tibet so as to deepen their understanding of the conditions in tibet .
all wrong policy decisions that deviate from reality and run counter to the objective law are the products of subjectivism and the will of one 's superiors .
( 18 ) seeking truth from facts is an ideological line , work style , knowledge target , and the orientation to which we must exert efforts .
the additional treasury bonds to be issued this time are china 's third large-scale additional issuance of treasury bonds to be used in infrastructure facilities since 1998 .
for this reason , to consolidate and develop the current good momentum for economic pickup , financial support to economic development needs to be increased .
the success of the first launch of a " beidou navigation testing satellite " has laid a solid foundation for the development of the system .
the article pointed out : the so-called " three mini links " of the taiwan authorities is not the cross-strait direct " three links " advocated by us .
in 1997 , the output value of the information industry accounted for 8.1 percent of the rok gnp . it increased to 10.7 percent last year .
at the invitation of ipu chairwoman heputulla and secretary general johnson , npc standing committee chairman li peng led an npc delegation to attend the millennium conference .
through painstaking efforts , china 's views were finally endorsed by the leaders of the large numbers of developing countries and quite a few developed countries .
the host countries attached great importance to chairman li peng 's visit and gave him a warm , friendly , ceremonious , and grand reception .
the visit achieved its goal to " increase understanding , strengthen trust , promote friendship , and deepen cooperation " and was a huge success .
the chinese embassy in russia is delegated by the general office of the npc standing committee to engage in negotiations to reach an agreement with the russian side .
relevant russian officials in charge also say that although they lost the bid on the three gouges project , they are working hard to win other projects .
the series of intergovernmental economic and trade agreements signed between china and the six nations have laid the legal foundation for developing bilateral economic cooperation .
but the world situation also requires the parliaments , an important component of the nations ' political structure , to continue to strengthen cooperation and exchange .
no one shall be allowed to buy , sell , lease , and transfer in other forms or alter , forge , or doctor a fishing permit .
the law protects the property of social groups lawfully formed by returned overseas chinese and overseas chinese dependants . no organization or individual may encroach upon the property .
cohen reiterated that the united states will continue to uphold the one china policy and abide by the three sino-us joint communiques and relevant commitments .
relevant state council departments and the local government should maintain coordination and cooperation , ensuring that all policies are well coordinated and really implemented in place .
article 21 chinese and foreign cooperators should distribute profits or products and share risks and losses in accordance with the agreed terms of the cooperative enterprise contract .
foreign staff and workers of a cooperative enterprise can remit salary and other legal revenues to foreign countries after paying personal income tax in accordance with law .
he said : china , as one of the proponents of the resolution , is gratefully thankful to those countries that voted in favor of it .
the supervision of party organizations should be combined with administrative supervision , judicial supervision , social supervision , and the supervision by organs of state power .
meanwhile , there are mounting calls in the democratic party for human rights diplomacy , which the new president will be strongly urged to pursue .
the washington post holds that such a low voting rate indicates that the americans no longer believe in their political leaders and in the political system .
lien chan especially made it clear that the typhoon disaster and airplane accident would not affect the recall and noted that " they are not related . "
this will play a strong role in restraining the " taiwan independence " forces and have a profound influence on the political situation of the island .
we will do our utmost to realize a peaceful reunification of the motherland . however , we absolutely will not allow taiwan to secede from china .
he said : at present , russia is actively developing its economy . russia is willing to more vigorously strengthen economic and trade cooperation with china .
with ever-increasing economic globalization and high-speed development of the information industry , the earth has become smaller and nations have become nearer to one another .
therefore , our tasks remain arduous in solving all kinds of problems and overcoming all kinds of difficulties in the course of carrying out development .
in addition , we must selectively but energetically develop high-tech industries such as the information industry , the bioengineering industry , and the new materials industry .
we had made progress in the 1990 's in establishing the market economic system in the cities and building a modern corporate system for the state-owned enterprises .
it is obviously improper to allow the adoption of a punishment measure resulting in depriving people of personal freedom in such a simple and easy way .
a backup of either of these two records should be preserved for 60 days and provided to the relevant state organ when inquired according to law .
further developing and reinforcing the friendly relations of cooperation between our two countries tallies with the fundamental interests and the common aspirations of our two peoples .
beijing , 5 nov ( zts ) -- according to a local press report , china is set to reduce this year 's grain production .
here , i would like to extend lofty respect to the hong kong people and sincere thanks to all of you who are present here .
for this reason , websites of non-news units can only reprint the news reports issued by news units and cannot publish any news gathered and compiled by themselves .
the cppcc organizations hold a very high position in the country 's political life , and the cppcc members have very great influence in society .
he said : there are over 100 cppcc members in hong kong ; generally speaking , and they have all along performed their work well .
later , tung wei said to a reporter : " chairman li ruihuan is very amiable and kind . besides , he respects and understands others . "
summing up all the situations , china has earnestly but calmly treated the us presidential election . this is an expression of self-confidence and maturity .
in syrian-israeli talks , as syria reiterated that israel must unconditionally withdraw from the golan heights , the prospects of peace talks are made even more unpredictable .
if he does not become the vice president , he can still be a senator , unlike gore , who would be " downgraded " to a commoner .
first lady hillary , who was formerly an out-of-stater , bought a house in new york last year and began campaigning for her new york senator bid .
the democratic national committee also claimed that hackers broke into its computer system again on 6 november and caused its e-mail system to shut down automatically .
court decision : the defendant was sentenced to 15 years ' fixed-term imprisonment and had 1.3 million yuan in property expropriated for the offense of illegal operation .
premier zhu rongji and asean leaders also will extensively exchange views on how to strengthen the good neighborly and mutual trust partnership between china and asean .
china is uruguay 's important trade partner . the uruguayan government believes that the two countries will register greater development in bilateral trade in the future .
since the beginning of this year , the state has intensified efforts to crack down on fraudulent tax reimbursement in exports . exports in general trade increased rapidly .
in other words , the candidate with the greater support of the voters cannot become the president , while the one with slightly less support will be elected .
what the united states should do is not attack the political systems of other countries , but correct all kinds of malpractice in us democracy .
the oil price hike , which has just been brought under control , had a rather serious impact on some apec members , especially oil importing countries .
it is the us ' national interest rather than the superseding of political power in the white house that will finally decide the us ' china policy .
the government of the cambodian kingdom constantly pursues a ' one china ' policy and does not recognize the existence of ' one china , one taiwan . '
with respect to optical telecommunications , it has the overall capacity to produce optical fiber , optical cable , optical components , and optical transmission equipment .
this ore belt begins in the county town of nanzhao in the west and stretches over 70 kilometers southeasterly through yunyang and fangcheng to yangce in biyang county .
we must conscientiously implement chairman jiang 's important thought of the " three represents " and persist in giving ideological and political constructions top priority .
salient characteristics of sino-laotian relations include mutual trust , mutual support , mutual treatment on an equal footing , mutual noninterference , and bona fide cooperation .
he said : laos would like to further strengthen its cooperative relations with china that are comprehensive , long-term , equal , mutually beneficial , and fruitful .
he said : laos has made new achievements in implementing the line set at the " sixth party congress " and in vigorously developing its national economy .
jiang zemin stressed that the world is varied and colorful . all countries in the world , small or large , have their own merits .
it is necessary to carry forward the style of working in a down-to-earth way , and always act honestly , realistically , effectively , and pragmatically .
exchange and friendship between the two peoples shall be further promoted by way of exchanging delegation visits , holding exhibitions , exchanging students , and so on .
china is willing to make efforts with other members to jointly create a still more efficient and convenient economic and trade environment in the asia-pacific region .
when talking about the issue of e-commerce , shi guangsheng said : e-commerce is gradually becoming an important mode of the contemporary economic and trade activities .
article 11 during the period of drawing unemployment insurance money , an unemployed person shall actively seek employment and accept vocational guidance and vocational training .
whether or not the party 's theories are correct and firm has a direct bearing on the rise or decline and the survival or downfall of the party .
marxism is constantly enriched , perfected and developed with the progress of the times , the development of science , and the practice at a deeper level .
sihanouk said : today is a day the entire cambodia is jubilant because we are welcoming the respected president jiang zemin from the great china .
the frequent exchanges between the two sides in the political , economic , cultural , educational and other fields have increased china-cambodia friendship and solidarity .
it accords with the fundamental interests and common wishes of our two peoples to further consolidate and develop friendship and cooperation between china and thailand .
the security council stressed that all the peacekeeping operations and tasks should be clear and faithful , and be within the scope of the united nations .
what chairman li ruihuan brought in his current visit to hong kong is , without exception , the identical message , and not any other .
zhang wannian said : sino-finnish relations have been developing smoothly since the establishment of diplomatic ties , and cooperation in various fields has expanded gradually .
so long as talks are held on the basis of the one-china principle , a solution acceptable to both sides can be found sooner or later .
russia attaches importance to developing friendly relations with china , and hopes to continue to promote exchanges and cooperation between the armed forces of the two countries .
china is willing to work hard together with other apec members to create a still more efficient and convenient economic and trade environment in the asia-pacific region .
when i came to shenzhen to inspect the preparations being made for building its special economic zone in 1980 , shenzhen was still a small border town .
only by establishing and perfecting a market economic structure capable of making quick reaction can we ward off and defuse the risks while opening the markets .
he expressed the hope that high-level contacts between the two countries will further their mutual understanding and trust as well as mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields .
he reiterated that the sudanese government adheres to the one-china policy and supports the efforts made by the chinese government for the unification of the motherland .
during the talks , yang huaiqing expressed his gratitude for the consistent support given by pakistan to china on the taiwan , tibet , and human rights issues .
since chen shui-bian 's " government for all the people " is not connected to party politics , he can make policies without following the party-administration policy-making mechanism .
he hoped that taiwan authorities would not violate the one china policy in administering procedures for mainland reporters visiting taiwan in such matters as requirements for identification .
if this momentum is maintained , both global and regional economies can expect to enter a new round of growth in the early new century .
there is a need further to enhance economic and technological cooperation between member nations , particularly in the areas of science , technology , and human resource development .
even though people have numerous criticisms about apec 's work and are not so satisfied with its present development , its achievements cannot be ignored .
when the activities of " reviewing the past " are launched , various localities may send inspection groups to step up investigation and study and supervise the implementation .
in late october us secretary of state albright became the first high-ranking us official to visit the dprk since the end of the korean war .
in early november , the united states and the dprk held consultations on the missile question , a major topic affecting relations between the two countries .
qian qichen hoped that the us government would properly handle the taiwan issue by earnestly honoring its clear-cut commitments made to china on the taiwan question .
the deadline for tallying overseas absentee ballots is midnight 17 november , at which time florida will announce the final result of the presidential election .
he pointed out that there are always some people in the united states who cling to the cold war mentality and have prejudice toward and hostility against china .
various arab countries hope other major powers will play the roles of impartial mediators so as to restrain the unjust stance of the united states .
the chinese government has attached great importance to sponsoring this meeting . the shanghai municipal government and people also have devoted much effort to the meeting .
the leaders instructed their own ministers and officials to further work out the details of the current cooperation plan so that solid results can be achieved .
the issuance of treasury bonds will produce a short-term effect on the economy and the long-term potential effect of treasury bonds should not be ignored either .
he said : the dominican republic is an important country in the caribbean region , and the chinese people have always been friendly to the dominican people .
second , the leaders attending the meeting held discussions on the issues of globalization and new economy , and adopted a " plan of action . "
china 's foreign trade and economic cooperation ministry 's chief negotiator long yongtu briefed on talks between china and mexico over china joining the wto .
he hoped hong kong businessmen would seize opportunities and make new contribution to the motherland 's economic construction and hong kong 's prosperity and development .
they held that this historic visit will further promote the development of the ties of friendship and cooperation that have long existed between the two countries .
the representatives expressed the hope that china-brunei relations , especially economic and trade relations , will be continually strengthened and will be raised to a new level .
during the talks , president jiang zemin expressed his appreciation for the important contributions that sultan hassanal bolkiah had made to the development of china-brunei relations .
there is profound friendship between the moroccan and chinese armies , the moroccan people and army are thankful to china for its support and assistance given to morocco .
president jiang exchanged views with the leaders of the three countries on their respective domestic situation and the international and regional issues of common concern .
the majority of colleges and universities that are now carrying out " three stresses " education are at a crucial stage of conducting self-analysis or criticism .
in recent months , the state leaders and ordinary construction workers alike have set a high degree of store by quality control for the three gorges project .
there is now a big question of how to increase funds for extending credit in rural areas to enable peasants really to have financial services available .
as for counties which do have difficulty in issuing wages according to unified state standards , finance departments at higher levels should help them by increasing transfer expenditures .
during his tour , li peng had invited relevant departments to attend seminars to discuss issues on resettlement of local people in chongqing and dam construction .
the egyptian government is very satisfied with the bilateral relations of cooperation , adding that egypt is willing to consolidate and deepen the cooperative relations with china .
tsai ying-wen said that the " no haste , be patient " policy introduced during the kuomintang administration was a one-way restriction regarding mainland investment policy .
after waving good-byes to leaders of the apec member countries one after another , it retained a distinguished guest , chinese state president jiang zemin .
sultan bolkiar is also prepared to accept the invitation of president jiang zemin to attend a high-level apec conference on the building of talents and capabilities .
the 3-billion-dollar us presidential election has not ended so far , because who will be the responder to the curtain call has long remained undecided .
this affair also shook the land bureau , where most of the workers there learned about it ; soon it was on the tip of every tongue .
article 13 . upon acquisition of bad loans , the famc shall obtain all the rights of the previous creditors in respect of the debtors .
chapter 6 . company termination and liquidation article 31 . upon termination of the famc , the mof shall set up a liquidation team to conduct liquidation .
in 1990 , the 2nd session of the dpp 's 4th party congress passed a resolution on " taiwan 's pragmatic sovereignty and independence " .
he hoped that the two countries would further strengthen cooperation , and also wished for new successes attained by the pakistani government in every field .
once the budgets are passed according to legal procedures , they must be strictly carried out according to law and must not be changed or accommodated at random .
various countries should also join hands in exploring effective ways of promoting or protecting human rights by holding dialogues on the basis of equality and mutual respect .
beijing , 21 nov ( xinhua ) -- the second meeting of the preparatory committee for the 2001 apec meeting was held in beijing today .
foreign minister tang jiaxuan said : hosting the 2001 apec meeting will be an important diplomatic activity of our country at the beginning of the new century .
we should successfully run this apec meeting as a grand , high-quality gathering of its leaders in the new century according to the requirements of the central leadership .
tang jiaxuan also made arrangements for the work of the preparatory committee in the next stage in regard to conference organization and conference activity planning .
he said : " tunisian-chinese relations are deeply-rooted . i am very satisfied with the good cooperation between the two countries in all fields . "
the taiwan issue will thus have a negative impact on sino-us relations , the only difference being whether this will be a small or a big impact .
yang lixian pointed out that the chinese government announced long ago that anything can be discussed so long as the one china principle is acknowledged .
the two experts pointed out that the mainland of the motherland has repeatedly expressed its sincerity for developing cross-strait ties under the one china principle .
the evil consequence of using a " referendum " to handle cross-strait relations is the same as that of the open declaration of " taiwan independence . "
the ordinary people in taiwan must maintain high vigilance against those who try to push taiwan to an abyss of disaster under such a pretext .
the future of taiwan will be determined by the chinese themselves , and the united states will not be in a position to determine the future of taiwan .
beijing , 23 nov ( xinhua ) -- cpc central committee politburo member qian qichen met kmt vice chairman wu po-hsiung [ wu boxiong ] in zhongnanhai today .
there will be absolutely no change in our stance in demanding that the leader of the taiwan authorities acknowledge the one china principle and abandon his separatist ideas .
the more earnestly the mass line is carried out and the greater democracy the masses enjoy , the more difficult it is for bureaucracy to exist .
we should effectively implement various policy measures such as turning grain plots into forests or grasslands , comprehensively harness small river valleys , and reduce soil erosion .
the three leaders agreed that it is useful to hold an informal tripartite summit on the sidelines of the summit meetings of east asian leaders each year .
finance minister xiang huaicheng today addresses closing of study class for provincial , ministerial-level cadres , stresses need to build solid , balanced , powerful state finance .
he hoped to see further expansion of cooperation between china and asean , and expressed willingness to strengthen indonesia 's economic and trade ties with china .
under the situation of economic globalization and in the increasing development of regional economic integration , east asian countries need to further expand their regional cooperation .
in fact , along with the quickening process of china 's accession to wto , bilateral trade between china and asean countries has shown signs of substantive increases .
of course , the series of remarks made by frank hsieh are a kind of dpp 's reaction to the severe turbulence in the cross-strait relations .
the series of remarks made by frank hsieh mentioned above were made at a time when the " taiwan independence " forces are gradually growing on the island .
in short , they should take action to improve their work style so as to truly win the trust and support of the broad masses of women .
last april china , laos , burma , and thailand signed the " agreement on opening the lancang jiang and the mekong to commercial navigation . "
asean also appreciated china 's positive stance regarding the " southeast asia treaty of friendship and cooperation " and the " southeast asia non-nuclear zone treaty . "
president tran duc luong will visit china in mid-december . the chinese side attaches great importance to his visit and is actively making preparations for it .
general secretary jiang zemin and general secretary le kha phieu have reached an important consensus on building long-term friendly relations between vietnam and china in the 21st century .
the " joint statement " signed by the two sides during his visit to cambodia will guide the new development of bilateral relations in the new century .
the wage agreement has the same binding force for the enterprise and its workers , and no one side may change or dissolve the wage agreement unilaterally .
after a collective contract has been signed , the wage agreement , as an annex of the collective contract , has the same validity as the collective contract .
the two sides shall fully abide by the obligations prescribed in the wage agreement . neither side may change or dissolve the wage agreement unilaterally .
a navy official pointed out that the navy 's purpose in purchasing the harpoon missile is to replace the hsiungfeng-2 antiship missiles on chengkung-class frigates .
the meetings will play a positive role in advancing east asian cooperation and further enhancing relations of friendship and cooperation between china and asean countries .
during the meeting , chairman wang daohan pointed out that the new leader of the taiwan authorities should show his sincerity and recognize the one-china principle .
in ldp history , there were actually precedents for a change of political power caused by some ldp factions ' support of opposition parties ' no-confidence motions .
even more gratifying , in addition to achieving relatively high economic growth , there has also been a marked improvement in the quality of china 's economic operations .
at the same time , it is also necessary to combine industrialization with informationization , and seek leap-style development in certain fields where the conditions are right .
tian zhongqing thinks that the proposal advanced by zhu rongji is relatively feasible because there exists mutual complementarity in many facets between the two sides .
it can be predicted that after the new us administration is established , the struggle between the two sides over nmd will remain very fierce .
{ { cpp20001128000045 ( 7 ) } } an anti-air-raid exercise was carried out with antiaircraft machine guns , antiaircraft guns , and other old and new equipment .
as the military commission 's military strategy for the new era is implemented in units , our army 's preparation for military struggle is accelerating continuously .
but russian military machine retains its bite . after putin became russia 's president , russia has decided to enhance its national strength to stage a comeback .
therefore , the russian planes ' surprise visit of the kitty hawk may be said , to a certain degree , to be a signal .
an insider disclosed that zhu rongji once again put forth the issue of reforming the power system at the beidaihe meeting held in september this year .
between 28-30 october 1992 , the arats and the sef continued working-level talks in hong kong on the " use of cross-strait notary documents . "
beijing , 29 nov ( xinhua ) -- a meeting commemorating the 50th anniversary of the chinese catholics ' anti-imperialist patriotic movement was held in beijing today .
all the chinese people , including the vast numbers of patriots in religious circles and the broad masses of religious believers , will absolutely not approve of that .
in an interview , dong fureng , vice chairman of cppcc national committee 's economic commission , stresses need to make early preparations in the run-up wto accession .
but to achieve these goals , the government must refrain from interfering excessively in enterprises ' affairs ; it must give play to the market 's functions .
ideological and political work is the lifeblood of economic work in other projects . this work is also our military 's excellent tradition and important political advantage .
to adapt this work to new situations and study new problems are objective requirements for doing ideological and political work well in the new period .
lenin said , " we should be good at proposing our policies and current tasks in accordance with the characteristics of the present situation . "
a reporter asked : after holding consultations , chinese laborers and a japanese firm involved in the " hanaoka incident " reached a settlement on 29 november .
in order to implement the consensus reached by the two heads of state , the national defense departments of the two countries have held three defense consultations .
these important measures have yielded notable results ; the national economy has maintained the momentum of relatively rapid development , and positive changes have emerged .
upholding the guideline of expanding domestic demand in essence means upholding the important idea that development is the clincher and regarding development as the main issue .
looking at the long term , there are many constraining factors in china 's economic development , such as water resources , energy , and communications .
zhang qiyue pointed out that through these dialogues , the two sides have enhanced mutual understanding , expanded common understanding , and produced some fruitful results .
new zealand respects the important role of the united nations and other international organizations , and hopes to strengthen cooperation with china in international affairs .
the struggle against the cultic falungong organization must be continuously carried out in depth and falungong 's illegal and criminal activities must be cracked down with resoluteness .
according to a surviving worker , more than 100 were buried in the ruins . the rescue work is being carried out on the site .
for the last few months , the news of growing distance and an expansion in the contradictions between li yuanzhe and chen shui-bian has been transmitted non-stop .
all units should also actually implement the responsibility system in strict accordance with the principle that " whoever is in charge should assume responsibility . "
on the afternoon of the same day , foreign minister tang jiaxuan met with yugoslav prime minister zizic and held talks with his yugoslav counterpart svilanovic .
in his speech hu jintao expounded on the importance and urgency of launching the study and education in the important thinking of " three represents . "
township and town party committee secretaries and the principal responsible comrades of county ( city ) departments must seriously carry out their duties of direct responsibility .
to continue to promote modernization and develop the socialist economy , politics and culture with chinese characteristics is the cause of millions upon millions of people .
the united front should and can use its influence to make greater contribution to our country 's implementation of the independent foreign policy of peace .
the 21st century is a century for realizing the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation and is also a century for the united front to make great accomplishments .
the communique also points out that both sides will strengthen their cooperation in cracking down on organized crimes , smuggling of human cargo , and international terrorism .
in addition , 27-year-old chen xizhong from choazhou and his two-year-old son unfortunately died in the incident , and his 67-year-old father was extremely grieved .
through organizing a series of discussions and educational activities , fujian province has deeply understood and mastered the in-depth connotations of the " three represents . "
through the study , the regional leaders have generally strengthened their sense of reform to make bold innovations and actively push forward various reforms in the autonomous region .
moreover , there were pleas for mercy toward li jizhou among some top leaders , hoping that li jizhou could be exempted from the death sentence .
japan knows well that if japan and russia lack military trust , resolving the northern territory problem can only be a very long way off .
instantly , the artillery which was directly controlled by digital signals , roared and several shells hit the simulation of a cruise missile at the same time .
the central task of agricultural and rural economic work in this new era is to make some strategic readjustments in agriculture and in the rural economic structure .
party-building departments at all levels have comprehensively strengthened rural grassroots organizations to provide the strong and effective organizational guarantee for the development of agriculture and the rural economy .
wen jiabao says we must comply with the " three represents " and work hard to improve the ideological and work styles of the rural grassroots cadres .
as the management entities , the peasant households are both the direct beneficiaries of their own management and also the direct bearers of any operational risks .
we must vigorously urge the grassroots cadres to use legal means to mediate and settle civil disputes , resolve social conflicts , and eliminate any element of instability .
the chinese government supports armenia 's independence and sovereignty , and supports the efforts of the armenian government to stabilize society and develop the economy .
the practice of reform , opening up , and the modernization drive has put new and higher demands on the party 's united front work .
it was learned that the plan of sending two xinhua reporters to taiwan has remained unchanged and the two reporters are expected to arrive in taiwan in mid-december .
currently more than 70 percent of listed companies , including nine large financial groups , are operating with money they borrowed from banks with their stocks as collaterals .
panmunjon was the korean war truce talks site . people call it a " historical spot " for the splitting of the " three-thousand-mile country . "
a 50-cm width cement slab becomes a dividing line for the northern side and the southern side at panmunjon . both sides station elite troops there .
jiang zemin said : both the chinese and armenian races are ancient races in the world . they have been famous for their diligence and wisdom .
correspondingly , while the chinese military 's weaponry has yet to achieve full mechanization , the drive for information has become a task of burning urgency .
numerous war stories show that when outdated equipment is deployed properly and its potential put to use , it can still do a good job in active combat .
under the situation of economic globalization , the turmoil in a poor country will give rise to turmoil in the neighboring regions and even the whole world .
the so-called " spirit of ' 92 " was mentioned by the new leader of the taiwan authorities at a news conference on 31 july .
he the proceeded to distort the consensus between the two associations as the so-called " spirit of ' 92 for exchange , dialogue , and shelving controversy . "
" we do not require all of them to endorse china 's socialist system , and we only require them to love the motherland and hong kong . "
under the correct leadership of the party 's third-generation collective leadership with comrade jiang zemin as the core , hong kong and macao successfully returned to the motherland .
the consensus between the democratic party and the republican party is manifested by the congress 's passage of the pntr bill for china this year .
the stands on the taiwan issue of the two sides the stands on the taiwan issue of the democratic party and the republican party are also close .
on this issue , the democratic party and the republican party have a fundamental difference in understanding and it is difficult for them to comprise .
from a current point of view , strengthened advance research and technology infrastructure as well as personnel training are the required conditions for realization of these objectives .
china supports armenia 's efforts to safeguard national independence and develop its economy , and wishes to see armenia maintain political stability and economic growth .
second is to make strengthening and improvement of cadre education and training the key link , thereby improving the overall quality of base level rural cadres .
beginning in the new century , china will enter a new stage of development in comprehensively building a comfortably well-off society and speeding up modernization .
adhering to the active defensive strategy and strengthening the defensive capability against nuclear , chemical and biological weapons are the persistent policy in promoting modernization of our army .
zhu muzhi stressed : human rights comprise various other rights , such as political , economic , social and cultural rights . these rights are closely associated .
he added : the friendly relationship between the prc and dprk trade union organizations is a component of the traditional friendship between the two countries .
we should overcome and rise above our differences , so that the existing friendly and cooperative relations between china and hungary will keep moving forward .
tang jiaxuan pointed out : hungary , which is an important country in central and eastern europe , enjoys long-term friendly and cooperative relations with china .
as long as the two sides abide by the principles in the joint statement , cooperation between the two countries will continue to increase in various fields .
at the invitation of the ministry of national defense foreign affairs office , an yong-ki and his entourage arrived in china on 5 december for a working visit .
elsie leung oi sie , secretary for justice of the hong kong special administrative region [ sar ] , went to beijing and met vice premier qian qichen .
it is fair to say that the existence of some ethnic , racial , religious , and border conflicts and differences in the world is unavoidable .
after they arrived there , they found more than 100 cases of fake nice soap , 1,400 fake xiasilian soap labels , and 200 paper cases .
if the us congress is locked into a partisan fight , the capability of the united states to efficiently handle foreign policies could hit serious snags .
six of the seven justices on that court , which last month brought in a verdict in favor of the democratic party , are democrats .
the spokesman stressed : exclusive operation of mail delivery concerns a country 's sovereignty and information security as well as the citizens ' correspondence right .
stationing troops in south korea is of utmost importance to the united states in safeguarding its security and interests in the asia-pacific region and implementing its global strategy .
this shows south korea still relies on " the strong resolve of the united states to defend the korean peninsula " to maintain a deterrent against north korea .
under these circumstances , it is natural that south korea has to pay a price , including forsaking some sovereignty and swallowing the shame of an unequal agreement .
to date , of some 500 strongest transnational corporations in the world , some 26 have made investment in xiamen , involving some 33 projects .
the spheres open to foreign enterprises , such as telecommunications , insurance , and banking , should also be open to the domestic private sector .
the fundamental task in united front work is to win popular support and amass strength for the fulfillment of the party and the state 's grand targets .
cracking down on the crime in an all-round way means we should seriously inspect all enterprises , taxation organizations and other units related to export rebates .
we should establish and improve various systems and effectively strengthen supervision in the entire course of collection of tax in the export of commodities and export rebates .
cracking down on illegal activities in swindling export rebates and normalizing and rectifying order for the export market can consolidate and develop the good situation of export .
the continuous rapid growth in export since the beginning of the struggle against fraudulent practice in tax reimbursement for export has fully proven this point .
because of this , the " 10th five-year " plan must propose appropriate countermeasures to facilitate taking advantage of opportunities and meeting various new challenges .
the state-owned insurance companies will also be reorganized as joint-stock companies , while some commercial banks and insurance companies will be reorganized as companies listed on the market .
next year china plans to revise the " law on chinese-foreign contractual joint ventures " to adapt to changes in the investment environment once we join the wto .
during his visits , he got the deep impression that there existed a solid foundation for china 's development of friendly relations with these countries .
zhu rongji expressed deep appreciation for song responsible attitude during the institutional reform and for his performance of daring to withstand pressure in promoting reform .
the statement pointed out : " this means that japan regards the policy pursued by militarist elements in establishing military power status as its national policy . "
a profound lesson asian financial crisis has taught us is that the smaller the banks are , the more difficult it is for them to resist fierce storms .
these measures have laid a certain foundation for solely funded state-owned commercial banks to establish the modern banking system and cope with international financial competition .
we must concentrate our funds and professionals on the business operations where we have advantages so that we can exploits the advantages to the full .
he said : despite this , us planes still took off to intercept the russian fighters within the emergency time limit of 30 minutes after receiving orders .
pictures of panic-stricken us officers and men transmitted through the internet not long after that , however , something happened that drew the ire of americans .
moreover , the transfer of russian strategic bombers to the bering strait in far east not long ago all the more make americans feel uneasy .
from a long-term point of view , the future gap in the military strength among big asian-pacific countries will be determined mainly by each 's economic development .
to make this education successful , we must trust and rely on officers and soldiers and bring their role as the mainstay into full play in this education .
officers and soldiers come from all over the country with various life backgrounds and practical experiences . they are the most precious resource for the education .
public security organs at all levels should try to crack down on some major and serious criminal cases and arrest the responsible arch and backbone criminals .
meanwhile , party committees and governments at all levels should seize the opportunity provided by this special struggle to consolidate their political power at the grassroots level .
jia chunwang , minister of public security , presided over the meeting and put forward demands for public security organs to meet in developing this special struggle .
they should combine the struggle to " strike at underworld organizations and eliminate evils " and the ongoing " three-stress education " campaign into an organic whole .
during the past two years , the state has used some of the funds from bond issuances to transform loan discount interest for enterprise technology .
xiong guangkai briefed the isreali visitors on china 's domestic and military development and reiterated china 's consistent stance on the middle east peace process .
tang jiaxuan first conveyed president jiang zemin 's sincere congratulations on his reelection as the president of the republic of poland and jiang zemin 's regards to him .
he said germany has the world 's most advanced environmental protection technology and environmental management experience , which china should learn from and use for reference .
german environment minister juergen trittin delivered a speech at the meeting . he expounded germany 's views on cooperation in environment between the two countries .
in the meantime , more and more state-owned enterprises have begun vigorously launching technical innovation or turning themselves more competitive by facing up to the future .
while having a clear idea on the overall situation , we must also be good at grasping the focal points and seeking breakthroughs in our complicated economic work .
this year 's central economic work conference particularly emphasized that we must take a big stride forward and achieve new improvement in restructuring next year .
it is the hope of most countries and their peoples in the world that the next century will be a peaceful , stable , and prosperous new century .
he hoped that elderly cadres will continue caring , supporting and helping the works in the municipality and make new contributions to the modernization drive of the capital .
in the 20th century , however , japan launched wars of aggression against china , bringing almost intolerable suffering and sacrifice on the chinese people .
we strongly demand that the us government reconsider its quota-cut decision and prevent the issue of illegal textile re-exports from affecting sino-us ties of trade and economic cooperation .
article : strengthen administrative honesty , help improve party style , commenting " 3-stress " education and anti-corruption effort ( parts 1 & 2 combined ) .
between october last year and october this year , the autonomous region placed 944 cases on file for investigation and prosecution , and closed 752 files .
he pointed out germany has always followed its words , honored its commitments , and steadfastly pursued the one-china policy , adding that china highly appreciates this .
a dozen years or so ago , the concept of " community " was something new for people , but it has now become a household word .
shi guangsheng said : sino-cuban friendship jointly built by president castro and three generations of chinese leaders is strengthening with each passing day under the new circumstances .
he expressed the belief that china 's policy of not devaluating the renminbi currency during the asian financial crisis has contributed greatly to the world 's economic stability .
your excellency has assigned great importance to relations with china and has made unremitting efforts in promoting the development of sino-romanian friendship and cooperation over the years .
shi guangsheng emphatically pointed out that the exchange of high-ranking visits has been frequent over the past few years , thus having strengthened bilateral relations further .
in his speech , richardo carbrisas expressed thanks to the chinese government for its understanding , support , and assistance of cuba over the past years .
china has made important contributions to the economies in asia and the world at large by persistently keeping its renminbi not depreciated during the asian financial crisis .
hearing the reports while touring the building , premier zhu also urged : " you should enhance development capability to continuously increase competitive edges . "
worldwide the situation is relatively stable but not calm . there will be major changes and adjustments in the world situation in the next century . "
the then chief of staff of the us air force vandenberg said in awe : communist china has become one of the world 's air powers almost overnight .
fourth , the development of information technologies and internet will remove the regional restrictions and enable the medium and small enterprises to share the information resources .
secondly , safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of vulnerable employee groups should be regarded as a priority , in a bid to maintain social and political stability .
wang aiwen , deputy director of the training and employment department of the labor and social security ministry , answered a reporter 's questions concerning these regulations .
changes have occurred in the status of china and the united states in the world during the 10 years since the end of the cold war .
it is precisely because of the establishment of these frameworks that sino-us relations have not retrogressed on account of difficulties but have forged ahead through storms .
a-bian was a law professor at taiwan university and a top pupil of " pro-independence fundamentalist " mainstay li hong-xi and pays homage to li to this day .
tang shubei praised the european countries for generally upholding the one-china policy and only maintaining cultural , commercial and non-official ties with the people of taiwan .
the meeting also examined and adopted relevant personnel matters and elected some members of the executive committee and the fund examination committee to fill up the vacancies .
since the election date of 7 november until today , the nasdaq index has fallen by 17 percent and dow index has also fallen to a great extent .
in northeast asia , the bush administration also faces an important choice of whether or not to maintain dialogue and relief of tension on the korean peninsula .
he hoped that the united states would not treat cults with double standards and would stop " falungong 's " anti-china activities in the united states .
zhou xiaochuan 's above remarks were made at the " forum on china 's securities markets over the past 10 years " which was held today .
in his second term , clinton had a better understanding of china and it was then that sino-us relations became more stable and made some fresh headway .
therefore , experts in beijing believe that after bush moves into the white house , there will be no substantive changes to the united states ' china policy .
we should commend the cadres who have performed outstanding service and displayed both integrity and ability , and we should boldly use them as they should be used .
in the horgos frontier defense company , i watch a patrol vehicle that looks like a television broadcast truck racing along a newly constructed patrol road .
in the late 1980s , the companies put in some " machines " and trained a few " young hotshots " to deal with them .
second , both the dprk and rok started to include " military affairs and economy " into the talks on " security and cooperation . "
that appears impressive at first glance , as though any us citizen meeting these simple requirements can go ahead and compete for office in the white house .
this shows that the accusations against china contained in the " report " are not based on ignorance but are deliberate distortions of the facts .
as the nihon keizai shimbun reported on 31 july , " the internet in china has entered the era of a hundred flowers blooming . "
yu yongbo pointed out that we must adapt to the current development needs and raise guidance and service of military political work to a new level .
the summit meeting is an important milestone in the inter-korean relations and represents a new beginning for the two koreas to seek reconciliation , peace , and dialogue .
the situational change on the korean peninsula is closely related to the two koreas ' adjustment in their diplomatic polices ; this helps generating an interactive role .
the current easing of relations is just a beginning . there is still a long way to go . the road ahead may be tortuous .
it is reported that the shengdao grand hotel , which was jointly built by three companies in jiangsu , is a state-owned limited liability company .
while enhancing cooperation and exchange with the interior areas of the motherland , macao established closer ties with the european union and other foreign countries .
the successful practice of the principle of " one country , two systems " in macao has also enabled people to realize the principle 's enormous vitality .
operation of its first mine was resumed on 2 december . the second mine is expected to became operational again as soon as the investigation is completed .
the delegation 's current visit will help members have a deepened understanding of china and further promote relations between the parliaments of the two countries .
generally speaking , bush 's personal aides who make decisions on foreign policies should pay closer attention to facilitating ties with us traditional allies in the future .
this was our party 's first visit to india in more than 30 years . we have also established friendly ties with all major political parties in indonesia .
contacts between our party and russia 's major parties have been strengthened and the political basis for the development of china-russia strategic partnership has been expanded as well .
zhang qiyue said that the year 2001 will be the first year for china to implement its tenth five-year plan for the national economic and social development .
the chinese government will continue to purse the independent foreign policy of peace and work to create a more peaceful and stable international environment for its modernization drive .
since february this year , the united states has participated in more than 50 joint military exercises with allies and other countries in the asia-pacific region .
in general , the people of macao have gone through the first historic year of the macao sar with rich results through their own efforts and contributions .
tang jiaxuan said : the chinese side attaches great importance to developing relations with italy , and appreciates the italian government 's persistent stand on one china .
editorial : another successful practice of great principle of ' one country , two systems ' -- warmly celebrating first anniversary of macao 's reversion .
what happened was that when he returned to his room after breakfast yesterday morning , one of the room service staff was making up his room .
as for the third category of countries which disrupt order in the international arena , the us will display its strength to defend us interests .
advance deployment as a basis bush put forward a plan to raise the us troops ' combat strength and to improve equipment in his military plan .
to achieve that objective , it is necessary to effectively make use of the air force transport units and landing forces to carry out reasonably risky actions .
this gang established their own " chamber of commerce " in the famous wholesale market of duenmu street of zhenzhou . they forced a " protection fee . "
it was a very popular suggestion because everybody also wanted to hear how wang use a piece of western musical instrument to play the chinese folk music .
this year many countries have broken through the us-british ring of sanctions against iraq by opening commercial and air links and developing economic relations with that country .
wu bangguo underscored the need to institute and strengthen safety supervision mechanisms in coal mines and to step up efforts to improve overall production safety in coal mines .
it is necessary to conduct serious investigation in localities and units where major accidents occur and to make the one who cause the accident and relevant leaders accountable .
an official also emphasized that the personnel arrangements for foreign affairs and military affairs will be conducive to us in obtaining the weapons we need .
maintaining the current status quo in taiwan -- cross-straits relations inherently is one of these means ; avoiding military confrontation with the chinese communists obviously is another means .
to be sure , maintaining authority does not preclude making criticisms and suggestions . however , to " topple tung chee-hwa " is another matter .
backed by the hinterland of the strong motherland , hong kong has withstood the asian financial storm , during which the motherland support played a key role .
" the new century will come very soon , and the chinese trade unions led by the party have experienced 76 years on a brilliant historical course .
it was a very popular suggestion because everybody also wanted to hear how wang use a piece of western musical instrument to play the chinese folk music .
consul-general zhang hongxi first praised the initiative taken by the chinese communities in new york in criticizing and denouncing the falungong as a just and patriotic move .
we must moderately emphasize the development of cultural industry and build the capital into a national window and base of modern cultural industry with chinese national characteristics .
the state council submitted a motion for the examination and approval of the agreement between the prc government and the us government on judicial assistance in criminal cases .
the statements clearly pointed out that the regional elections in taiwan and their results cannot change the fact that taiwan is part of chinese territory .
gu jinchi said that the state council should consider formulating separate regulations if enactment of a comprehensive set of tax laws is unfeasible at the moment .
the ministry of railways and the guangzhou railway holdings corporation held a forum in beijing today to mark the publication and distribution of the book .
we must have a sober understanding of this , continue the triumphant pursuit , completely eradicate the evil , and carry the struggle through to the end .
over 100 experts and scholars from scientific , technological , social scientific , judicial , and religious circles , the press , and relevant departments attended the meeting .
furthermore , china also is going to implement the simplification of the organization of township government in jiangsu province , shanxi province , and liaoning province .
according to china 's nation defense white paper , china 's national defense policy puts special emphasis on following a military strategic policy of active defense .
the chinese military proceeds on the basis of its existing armaments in an effort to be prepared for defense operations under modern technological conditions , especially high-tech conditions .
su , who had known he for decades , called his old friend out of concern . it turned out that nothing of the sort had occurred .
wang shucheng added that to resolve china 's flood problem , attention should be paid to the non-facilities measures while strengthening the building of water conservancy facilities .
some policies to stimulate economic growth , which are still effective at present , will continuously be carried out and are expected to help stabilize various sectors .
facts prove that , under the conditions of an age of peace and development , war still exists , and furthermore , it is very frequent .
it must be noted that china 's national security situation at the crossroads of the centuries is intricate and complex , with numerous uncertain and unknown factors .
today , the world is still moving toward multipolarization instead of unipolarization , and this complies with such an objective law that the world is varied .
besides , the united states is set to further raise its defense spending over the next six years , to as much as $ 320 billion by 2005 .
the plenary session was a great landmark in the process of modernization in china and was also the third great change in 20th century china .
of the two motions , one concerned china 's pntr [ acronyms as published ] status , the other the " taiwan relations act . "
the former motion was passed by the senate and the house of representatives and put into law after it obtained president clinton 's signature in october .
we should not become pessimistic and dispirited because of temporary difficulties , nor should we hastily rush things in our impatience to change the present state of affairs .
so long as we correctly identify the road and adhere to it , agriculture and rural economy will achieve new breakthroughs and peasant incomes will rapidly increase .
in the work report , wei jianxing summed up the major accomplishments and characteristics of the operations of promoting ethical party and government conduct and fighting corruption .
third is to rationally use , save , and protect land , minerals , oceans , and other land resources , raising the efficiency of resource use .
seventh is to strengthen in a focused way the information innovation and technological innovation of geological sciences , oceanic sciences , resource sciences , and geological survey technology .
to transform government functions and strengthen macroeconomic control , we must focus on accomplishing three things : first is to organize by category national land resources strategic research .
we must conscientiously implement the central committee 's policy and important dispositions regarding national land resources , fiercely grasping implementation , and abandoning formalism and bureaucratism .
standing committee member li denghai maintained that the provisions in the draft concerning the award of damages in divorces follow the civil law principle of equity .
during president tran duc luong 's current trip , we will issue a sino-vietnamese " joint statement " on facilitating comprehensive cooperation in the new century .
second , the two countries should maintain high-level contacts as well as contacts at other levels and strengthen cooperation in regional and multilateral international affairs .
the unity and cooperation between the two countries have been carefully cultivated by vietnamese and chinese leaders of the older generation during protracted revolutionary struggles .
the two countries have ceremoniously celebrated the 50th anniversary of the establishment of vietnamese-chinese diplomatic ties and bilateral ties are now in a very sound stage of development .
he also said : " i am pleased to be informed that the vcp 's ninth national party congress will be held in early 2001 .
lien chan once said that this is the electronic age and politicians who still try to benefit by dividing ethnic groups are destined to fail .
whether lien in the end should turn left or right , his decision and method of action will determine if the kmt is heading for a split .
clinton need not be polite about it ; if this peach really is ripe , there is no need for him to leave it to bush to take .
last year general secretary jiang zemin and general secretary le kha phieu held historic talks and set down the 16-character guideline for developing bilateral relations .
through the joint efforts of both sides , they will certainly be able to carry into the 21st century a vietnam-china relationship of all-round cooperation .
the 16-character guideline set down by the general secretaries of the two parties is of important guiding significance for the development of bilateral relations in the next century .
jiang zemin emphasized that our anti-corruption drive represents the will of the broad masses and has added prestige to our party among the broad masses .
lieutenant general lopez officiated at a solemn welcoming ceremony for the chinese military delegation at the " tomb of general antonio maceo " in the suburbs of havana .
on 2 april , the ministry of public security held an urgent teleconference demanding that the public security departments throughout the country resolutely curb serious fire incidents .
upon completion of the socialist transformation , mao zedong led the entire party in an arduous exploration of the socialist construction and further gained numerous victories .
the errors of mao zedong 's later years are not only his personal tragedy , they are a tragedy of our party and our state .
the socialist society is a society that has eliminated the system of exploitation , its appearance is different from the change of dynasties in history .
such attitude can only result in the ruling party going ever further along the road of errors , and finally to the party 's self-annihilation .
the history of socialist movement , the practice of socialist countries is replete with too many such lessons , so that this calls for deep thought .
however , staff members and workers of the company considered the amount to be too low and said the average monthly compensation should be 1,800 yuan .
in june 1959 the soviets suddenly sent a letter to ccp central refusing to provide china with mathematical models and technical information on the atomic bomb .
less than two years after the loss of guo yonghuai , on april 24 , 1970 our nation 's first artificial satellite was successfully launched .
facing such an antagonistic mentality among some masses , we have to admit that it represents a new challenge to our ideological-political work during the present new period .
we should seriously do a good job in improving the work style of the leadership , starting with the high-ranking cadres and the high-level organs .
over 200 million people in more than 20 provinces , autonomous regions , and directly-administered cities nationwide were affected to differing degrees by the water shortage .
in 2030 , the water shortage in china will be between 40 and 50 billion cubic meters , and the water shortage will reach a peak .
concerned experts believe that , by 2010 , china 's net import of petroleum will reach 100 million tons , and 200 million tons in 2020 .
to realize the state 's preferential support for the west , the state council has formulated some policies and measures to implement the strategy of developing the west .
increase support for policies on the surveying , appraisal , prospecting , development , conservation , and intelligent utilization of mineral resources in the west .
support the effort to develop higher education in the west . colleges and universities in east and central china should work harder to recruit students in the west .
they rack their brains trying to ferret out or create their enemy in order to find a pretext for their arms expansion or profitable arms sales .
at the same time , li zhaoxing pointed out that there are also problems in sino-us relations , the most serious one being the taiwan issue .
we hope that the united states will properly deal with this problem and strictly abide by the " three sino-us joint communiques " and the relevant commitments .
the " sino-african cooperation forum -- beijing ministerial-level meeting for 2000 " held in beijing in october could be called a typical example of south-south cooperation .
zhu rongji said : we should resolutely correct the phenomenon of some departments being dilatory in doing things , overcome formalism and guard against bureaucratism .
we should view the promotion of good party style and ethical integrity and the anti-corruption struggle from a political height and persistently and unremittingly push all work forward .
beijing , 28 dec ( xinhua ) -- the state council recently issued a circular on the policies and measures regarding the large-scale development of west china .
reporter : in the large-scale western development , how should we combine exercising the role of market mechanism with tightening the state 's macroeconomic regulation and control ?
the resident registration management structure should be further reformed to better promote the interregional flow of qualified personnel and help the western region absorb talents .
since long ago , various places and departments on the mainland have done a lot of practical work and made preparation for the three direct links .
second , the phenomena of extorting confessions by torture still exist in varying degree . in some localities , they are quite serious and exert a baneful influence .
st --- state council office for checking unhealthy tendencies in business activities issues urgent circular calling for maintain highway traffic order during new year and spring festival .
the npc standing committee has approved the examination report presented by the credentials committee and affirmed the credentials of the nine deputies including wang xudong .
in accordance with wartime needs , rank and file soldiers , reserve officers , and personnel from non-military departments may be directly appointed as military officers .
sun yuxi , spokesman of the chinese foreign ministry , expressed appreciation for the vigorous efforts that clinton had made to develop china-us relations during his tenure .
bush said during the election campaign that if the mainland should use force , the us government would use appropriate means to help taiwan defend itself .
developing countries are expected to reach 5.6 % economic growth this year ; economies in asian countries could grow by an average of 7.5 % this year .
please say a few words about the current situation in sino-african economic and trade cooperation as well as china 's new moves to expand bilateral cooperation .
actually , market economy and planned economy are two different forms of resources allocation , having nothing to do with the basic systems in society .
viewed from the world 's historical progress , as a new socialist system , socialism is still in the early stage of practice and development .
the aircraft carrier combat group is equipped with a large amount of advanced electronic instruments and electronic warfare instruments , enhancing its attack and defense capabilities .
i myself have told visiting friends from taiwan that i am always ready to visit taiwan and am waiting for the taiwan authorities to eliminate the obstacles .
regular supervision and inspection of treasury bond-financed projects is the best guarantee of proper management and use of treasury bond fund and better engineering quality control .
the project is located at manjuelong village , xihu district of hangzhou city , and it includes the construction of manlong guiyu resort club and manlong guiyu park .
over the past years , great changes have taken place in our understanding about the range , quality , and study of resources , environments , and casualties .
besides , there are great prospects for developing gas hydrates , with reserves surpassing the total proved reserves of petroleum , coal , and natural gas .
improvement of this platform will bring about revolutionary progress in organ transplantation in the medical field and the propagation of fine-strain domestic animals in the agricultural field .
high-level neuro-activity of human beings , such as sensation , cognition , and thinking , will ultimately be analyzed at the molecular level and cell level .
environmental protection technology : thanks to progress in human civilizations , human beings are paying more and more attention to the living environment for themselves and their offspring .
in an information society , the relative proportion of " modern services " in the tertiary industry area is much greater than " traditional services . "
having experienced a millennium of vicissitudes and gone through a century of dusty fog , the chinese nation is once again finding herself at an important historical juncture .
zeng qinghong , head of the organization department of the cpc central committee , speaks . he urges to carry out all tasks with fine work style .
we must persistently arm the whole party with marxism-leninism , mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory , and constantly open up new realms in theory and practice .
the year that has elapsed was a year with great significance in the course of china 's socialist reform and opening up and modernization construction .
tracing the 100-year history , we even more firmly believe in the following irrefutable conclusion : without the cpc , there can be no new china .
modernization is an indispensable requirement necessitated by modern war for our army , and it is the only way for our army to achieve a higher-stage development .
this sex scandal started at the end of october , coming into the open following the " recall motion , " and became more serious as it unraveled .
although two major posts have been decided , the defense secretary , one of foreign policy 's " troikas , " experienced a difficult birth at one point .
hw --- item being processed by hw -- zhu rongji orders to investigate serious tax fraud case involving shantou senior officials and hong kong businessmen .
during this period , the united states and the dprk held technical talks on a series of issues , but no visible progress was made .
it was not at all a coincidence that clinton made the decision on not visiting the dprk the same day bush nominated donald rumsfeld as secretary of defense .
some people analyzed that it was precisely bush 's nomination that impelled clinton to finally make the decision on giving up the visit to the dprk .
rumsfeld was born in chicago in 1932 , and graduated from the famous princeton university in 1954 , majoring in politics ; he also gained a scholarship .
he caught president nixon 's eye in 1969 and was appointed assistant to the president and promoted to director of the " economic opportunities office . "
given that its conventional military forces are in a relatively parlous state , russia has further enhanced the status of the nuclear deterrent in its military strategy .
after briefing us on the farm ranch at the conference room , a leader of the farm ranch took us to the farm ranch 's kindergarten .
in consideration of the actual requirements of the people in kinmen and matsu , the fuzhou and xiamen ports will not refuse the direct shipping .
the masses of people in backward countries suffered from feudal exploitation and oppression in their own countries while at the same time suffering from colonial plunder .
while the feudal system reached its peak in china , capitalism first started in the west european nations whose feudal civilization was inferior to that of china .
proletarian political parties of these nations must have a sober recognition of this , be fully ideologically prepared and have a correct line and policy .
in the 20th century , socialism saw remarkable progress in its development while at the same time experiencing a series of frustrations and even significant ups and downs .
all of this goes to explain that the emergence of errors and setbacks in socialism has deep social and historical reasons as well as objective real causes .
when the issue of what is socialism and how to build socialism is not fully clarified , this is the fundamental reason leading to errors .
stephanopoulos said that he wished to take this opportunity to express the friendly feelings of the greek government and people to the government and people of china .
in fact , the new government has spared no effort on the work toward the united states , which is not well known by outside circles .
while vigorously opposing us arms sales to taiwan , beijing 's motive of strengthening military cooperation with the havana authorities is not a common one .
on the other hand , cuba 's massive and outdated weapons of the russian type also urgently require support in terms of replenishment and repair .
at that time , those who upheld market regulation were not so strong . at that meeting , i was on the frontline in defending market regulation .
after the study , i firmly believed that we must follow the path of market economy for china 's prosperity and the people 's well being .
reform may indeed bring us sufferings . however , not all these sufferings come from the reform program . they come from matters other than reform .
we must help the ordinary people understand what kind of rights they may enjoy and ensure that they have enough means to protect their own rights and interests .
we must also ensure that the government officials may exercise their functions and powers according to law and within their legal limits , while accepting legal supervision .
the taiwan authorities , however , have continually erected obstacles to the cross-strait " three links , " and done everything possible to delay this process .
however , the bush administration is still expected to face all sorts of challenges just as george w. bush himself did in his election campaign .
within some families , owing to a difference of opinion , husbands and wives even fell out and so did brothers become estranged and lovers part company .
[ reporters ] what are the main things that the " active-duty officers law " has adjusted or added on the basis of the original regulations ?
[ leading comrades ] studying and implementing the " active-duty officers law " is an important task in the army 's political work , especially its cadre work .
this means that the relationships among these countries tend to be stable . it is an aggressive phenomenon of the transitional period in building a new international order .
wang qiren , director of the central government 's liaison office in macao , made a detailed statement focusing on this viewpoint when interviewed by xinhua .
by the end of 1999 , rural residents engaged in secondary and tertiary industries reached 175 million in china , increasing by more than 11 million over 1995 .
as members of the kuomintang legislative yuan delegation for the direct three links , legislators chu fong-chi and he chih-hui arrived in beijing on 4 january .
according to chu fong-chi , because mainland china was worried about and suspicious of taiwan 's stance , it repeatedly demanded that the taiwan leader express his stance .
if the " mini three links " do not elicit a cooperative response , then it will be impossible to consider " direct links " .
however , the " opposition " coalition of the kuomintang , people first party , and new party do have a consistent stand on one china .
priority should be given to minority areas in central and western china , to old revolutionary areas , remote frontier areas , and other poverty-stricken areas .
this program was produced by cctv 's " two sides of the strait " unit in conjunction with taiwan 's ctc through satellite links before the new year .
they called on the taiwan authorities to remove unreasonable restrictions as soon as possible and take down-to-earth measures to open up cross-strait direct " three links . "
the guests also reflected views and suggestions of taiwan industrial and commercial circles and taiwan compatriots on the promotion of cross-strait direct " three links . "
at the meeting , agriculture minister chen yaobang said : increasing peasants ' income is the fundamental starting point of agricultural and rural economic work .
the visitors also reported some comments and suggestions from taiwan 's business community and compatriots on promoting direct " three links " across the straits .
fourth , china 's relations of friendship and cooperation with the many developing countries have continued to grow in the midst of new attempts and new breakthroughs .
in october premier zhu rongji paid an official visit to japan . this visit achieved its purpose of building confidence , dispelling suspicion , and broadening cooperation .
at china 's initiative , a ministerial-level conference , a " sino-african cooperation forum : beijing 2000 , " was successfully convened in beijing last year .
wu stressed : the compatriots on both shores have expressed increasingly stronger demands for direct postal and telecommunications services between the two sides of the strait .
an min met separately with the visiting delegations for " three links " from the kuomintang and new party on the afternoon of 6 january .
since our two countries established diplomatic relations , especially since the founding of the islamic republic of iran , sino-iranian friendship has opened a new chapter .
as an important component of bilateral relations , exchanges between the two countries ' parliaments should be constantly strengthened under both sides ' joint efforts .
we are willing to strengthen our cooperation and coordination with the iranian side in regional and international affairs , to prtotect and expand the interests of developing countries .
in the past decades , the developing countries have consistently struggled to shake off poverty and achieve economic independence . some have succeeded , while others failed .
we must adopt different ways , including using some negative examples , to warn and educate the cadres to constantly increase their sense of honesty and self-discipline .
richard bush , chairman of the american institute in taiwan [ ait ] , is scheduled to arrive in taipei tonight for a 10-day visit to taiwan .
in addition , the cpc is also exhibiting willingness to actively promote exchanges in some areas that do not touch upon the one china principle .
regardless of the fatigue after a long voyage , the crew of the ship conducted training through a simulated battle to greet in the new century .
he called the book the " malicious commercial product " of the americans because they have never stopped such attempts in the past decade and more .
japan 's trend toward openly deploying its armed forces is only blocked by a single sheet of paper on which its " constitutional restrictions " are written .
three , employing the " carrot and stick " approach against china one characteristic of the taiwan issue is its close relations in international politics .
in terms of china 's growth , the " china threat theory " is merely a refraction in western eyes and chinese people will continue to develop .
after abstaining from voting on a resolution , we can still express our reservations or put forth different views whenever the countries concerned cite the resolution in future .
shen guofang : heads of state of the five permanent member nations will hold talks on an irregular basis , and this is a consensus reached by them .
shen guofang : the two issues have nothing to do with each other . our un membership fee is mainly determined by our payment capability .
outgoing secretary of state albright has said that it would be " the greatest mistake " for the united states to pull out of bosnia-herzegovina and kosovo .
( prospects for the new century of leaders in province , regions , cities ) : interview with jia zhicheng , sec of hubei provincial cpc committee .
jia zhijie , secretary of the hubei provincial cpc committee , showed great confidence in the future of hubei in the new century when interviewed by our reporters .
i hope that you would unswervingly press ahead toward the target of basically realizing socialist modernization and score still greater achievements in the new century , he said .
realizing the direct cross-strait " three links " is what we have consistently advocated , and is also the widespread demand of the taiwan compatriots .
meanwhile , efforts will be strengthened to carry out the work of deregulating such monopoly industries as power , railways , civil aviation , and telecommunications .
in the struggle against " triads and evil forces , " special attention should be paid to ferreting out behind-the-scene plotters and destroying the " protective shield . "
deliberate violations of law , disruption of normal public order and infringement of the legitimate interests of other people will definitely be punished by law .
last year , the company exported for delivery a total of 22 airplanes , a new record in the number of annual civilian aircraft export .
the development of aerospace technology will inevitably promote in turn the development by leaps and bounds of science and technology for civilian purposes and serve the national economy .
this was an important meeting held by the state council when we had just entered the new century and were ready to commence our 10th five-year plan .
pla air force mobile radar unit conducts exercises under battle conditions to boost its early warning capability ( 500 chrts , p 2 , text ) .
as far as governing a country is concerned , governing by law and governing by ethics have always been complementary and have helped each other forward .
tang jiaxuan thanked the libyan government for rendering its hospitable reception to the chinese government delegation , and conveyed chinese president jiang zemin 's cordial greetings to qadhafi .
on behalf of us president clinton , berger thanked ambassador li zhaoxing for his unremitting efforts made during his tenure in the development of sino-us relations .
in the long run , the latest lowering of tariffs is likely to bring greater pressure on shanghai 's auto industry , especially enterprises which manufacture auto parts .
she said : it is regrettable that the taiwan authorities always have no regard for the popular will and no intention of making a goodwill response .
a full israeli cabinet meeting on 9 january passed a decision accepting any peace proposal that us special mideast envoy ross might bring with him .
hu jintao pointed out : since the establishment of diplomatic relations , the two countries have forged good cooperation in economic and trade and scientific and technological field .
there is a long history of friendly exchanges between the two countries , which have established a close relationship after setting up their diplomatic ties .
speaking on the middle east issue , hu jintao said : china pays close attention to the region 's situation and the development of the peace process .
hu added : china and syria both are developing countries . this year is the 45th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between the two countries .
the establishment of the constitution and the people 's congress system in 1954 marked a good beginning of building china 's democracy and legal system .
from 1954 to the first half of 1957 , china initially established some legal systems which were very important to state organs and the judicial system .
people 's congress work , be it legislative or supervisory , needs to be made known to the masses in order to gain their extensive understanding and support .
the emergence of some key and difficult problems is due to the low quality of a small number of cadres , and their inappropriate handling of new situations .
they should carry out judgments made by local courts and decisions for handling cases made by relevant departments , and conscientiously exercise their bounden duties .
as the tunnels lie under granite rock , they can withstand direct hits by conventional bombs and can withstand earthquakes of magnitude six and above .
the birth of this company signified china 's success in reforming its telecommunications system and added new vitality to its program for developing the telecommunications industry .
departments concerned should give continued support to the development of pest-resistant cotton by the transgenetic technology and have this strain of cotton popularized more widely in our country .
meanwhile , syria will , as always , abide by the one-china principle ; and will firmly support china 's cause of reunifying the motherland .
however , he indicated , the chinese communists ' president jiang zemin said something very interesting to him during his last visit to the mainland last summer .
before the banquet started , patasse also conferred a medal of honor on tang in recognition of his contributions to the two countries ' friendship .
article by us-based reporter ren yujun says bush will face a series of challenges in terms of domestic , foreign policies , us-china , us-russian ties .
but it is predicted that the bush administration will meet all kinds of challenges , just as he himself did during the course of his election campaign .
on the day the us supreme court was to announce its decision , there were parades and demonstrations in dozens of cities all over the country .
he said that china and india have a long history of friendly relations but there were twists and turns between them in the 1950s and 1960s .
china is faced with the three major tasks of promoting modernization , accomplishing the motherland 's reunification , and safeguarding world peace and advancing joint development .
but on the other hand , tung chee-hwa , in consideration of the central government which considers falungong an illegal organization , opposed the lease to falungong . "
china hopes that india and pakistan will appropriately settle the issue through talks and negotiations on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence .
beijing , 14 jan ( xinhua ) -- the national conference on radio , film , and television [ rft ] affairs took place in beijing 10-12 january .
if one party does not carry out their support obligation , the party in need of support has the right to demand support payments from the other party .
if children who are minors cause harm to the country , the collective , or other persons , parents shall have the duty to financially compensate the losses .
article 44 -- in cases where one party has deserted family members , victims may ask villagers ' committees , neighborhood committees , or local units to mediate .
there are now loopholes and malpractices existing in some aspects of the examination and approval system , which have become conditions for corrupt elements to seek personal gain .
in 1972 , president nixon paid a successful visit to china , during which china and the united states signed the " shanghai communique . "
the election of george w. bush as us president indicates that the republicans have once again dominated the us china policy after the end of the cold war .
they have overcome all sorts of difficulties to enable the first stage of the project to carry out foundation laying ceremonies on 16 december of last year .
a new round of reshuffles in provincial-level officials is an important step for the cpc leadership in making personnel arrangements at the 16th cpc congress .
the readjustments emphasize economic efficiency as the core , and the goal is to raise the industrial standard , the technological level , and the competitive capability .
despite three ups and downs , deng xiaoping was never overthrown because he ultimately relied on the support of the armed forces to stage a comeback .
he also said that china is willing to further strengthen cooperation and exchanges in the legal field , including the crackdown on illegal immigration and organized crimes .
zhu rongji pointed out : china 's economic conditions in 2000 were the best in recent years , and its overall financial conditions were favorable .
practice has fully shown that the financial policies and measures formulated by the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core have been absolutely correct .
sha 'th said the pna and the palestinian people appreciate the chinese government and people for providing them with material aid during their most difficult times .
the series of problems arising from the economic globalization and the attempt of imposing one format upon many other countries are far from desirable , he said .
as the new us government is to assume office soon , whether sino-us relations will be adjusted has become the focus of world 's attention .
in addition , the united states is not familiar with the cpc leaders of the fourth generation , who will take over from the elderly officers soon .
the spirit of " one country , two systems " has been thoroughly implemented in hong kong ; and it will continue to be implemented in the future .
developing the economy at home and carrying out an independent diplomacy abroad thus become the two main lines for the dprk to make the country strong this year .
at the same time , the dprk will maintain close contacts with the united states and japan and seek further improvement in relations with them .
earnest and careful ideological and political work has helped many " falungong " practitioners come to their senses and remove the encumbrance in their minds .
li tieying expressed the hope that philosophy and social science circles will become earnest researchers and loyal practitioners of the thinking on " three represents . "
the new situation and the new tasks have set new and higher demands on the government 's building of an uncorrupted administration and on its fight against corruption .
the reason why these lawbreakers can have what they want is that they usually collude with the corrupt elements inside our government and functionary departments .
all these corrupt elements have to be ferreted out and punished according to the law in our current work of rectifying the market economic order .
the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons , an international organization monitoring the implementation of the cwc , was established in the hague in may 1997 .
enhancing understanding and mutual trust is the theme for developing bilateral relations at the moment and is the main goal of li peng 's on-going visit as well .
he stated : insofar as information technology is concerned , china and india each have their own strong points and thus have broad prospects for cooperation .
yeh chu said that military exercises scheduled to take place in 2001 include : operations drills : the hankuang exercise is scheduled between march and april .
competition tests between naval warships as well as those between marine units will be held once in april , august , and november , respectively .
ground-sea drills will be held on kinmen , matsu , tungyin , and penghu once every quarter , as well as on wuchiu once every half a year .
unexpectedly , as soon as the dagger squads of all directions entered the forward position of the enemy , they were discovered by the enemy 's reconnaissance system .
as result of development of technologies , space-based antiballistic missile weapons will also be gradually maturing for practical use , and will play a significant role in defense .
( 3 ) the virtually vacuum space is advantageous for improving an interceptor 's capabilities , such as reducing the attenuation of laser energy in the atmosphere .
space is mankind 's common property . peaceful development and utilization of space for the benefits of mankind is the common wish of the people around the world .
what is more noteworthy is that the plan might weaken the effect of the us federal reserve system reducing the short-term interest rates early this month .
in review of this period of history , people can almost guess what expectation greenspan has placed on the future financial policy of the bush government .
redistribution of responsibilities and powers in training structure the us military practices the organizational leadership setup of concentrated leadership and graded responsibility in its joint training .
the connection of computer networks and the use of various sorts of advanced monitoring equipment have made the night shift room of this brigade full of fantasies .
during a fierce combat , four " devils " were captured by us , and two others put up a desperate struggle and were killed .
he said : peace and development are the common aspiration pursued by the people of all countries , as well as the theme of the times .
so long as we redouble our efforts in the new century , we will certainly be able to create new glory for the chinese nation .
we must search for effective means of converting technological achievements to practical productive forces and find ways of promoting agricultural technology that conform with china 's actual conditions .
wen jiabao stressed : we must take the spirit of the outline as the guide , and actively and steadfastly promote reform of the agricultural technology system .
chang lin-cheng said : what merits attention is whether or not a three-party coalition is capable of reversing the authorities ' mainland policies by a large margin .
vice chairman of the npc standing committee buhe and other members of his entourage and dozens of senior officials of andhra pradesh were also present at the meeting .
although they failed to reach a final agreement because of a few issues , all parties concerned still agreed that the negotiations had made tremendous progress .
after consultation , the tcm team decided to sign a letter of intent on medical cooperation with cuba 's finlay institute which specializes in vaccine research and production .
he hoped that more young people will be drawn into sino-indian friendship work , so that this undertaking can pass down through the generations and continually develop .
however , the taiwan authorities have confined the scope for reporters from the motherland 's mainland to gather news to the so-called " greater taipei . "
at present , india is stepping up the research and development of the " agni-iii , " a missile with a medium or long range of 2,500-3,000 km .
mum , please do not let yourself be fooled by the ' falungong ' any more , and please return us to a happy family ! "
doing this year 's economic work well is very important to making a good first step and a good start in implementing the 10th five-year plan .
many facts and signs indicate that li hongzhi and the falungong cult have already degenerated into a tool of the anti-china forces in the west .
on the 2000 new year 's eve more than 60 people obsessed with the falungong cult held a gathering at the [ mei-li-zhi ] reservoir in singapore .
individual falungong extremists went even so far as to commit suicide on the square in order to create an impact to damage the motherland 's image .
it was learned that in recent years the situation of criminal suspects of corruption and bribery cases escaping with money to evade punishment is very serious .
therefore , in actuality , the minority but ruling dpp and the three other majority but non-ruling parties have become two camps with different political ideals and positions .
how the two sides should iron out their differences should be decided by the two sides themselves so long as " no military means is adopted . "
the sovremenny-class destroyers are equipped with the sunburn supersonic antiship missiles ( ss-n-22 ) and the us forces have paid close attention to their movements .
he said : the ugandan government and people highly value and sincerely and greatly appreciate china 's generous assistance to his country over many years .
social stability is the most fundamental prerequisite for reform , opening up and socialist modernization . it is also where the fundamental interests of the masses lie .
in order to deepen reform , open the country wider to the outside world and accelerate socialist modernization , it is necessary to have a stable social environment .
without a stable political and social environment , everything is out of the question , and even the most marvelous plans will come to naught .
however , without any exception , the great majority of us media and the american people approve of us bullish economy during the eight years of his administration .
in his farewell speech this evening , clinton did not forget to remind the american people of his achievements during his eight years at the white house .
he will refuse to be left alone because hillary is elected as senator , and he will have more time to do his own things .
in daily life , liu yong was used to gangsterism , he randomly injured and killed innocent people and frequently engaged in gangland fights with other underground forces .
ji peiding said : cyprus highly valued her relations with china and expressed willingness to make further effort to promote the full-scale development of bilateral relations .
vice president hu stressed that china attaches importance to the development of friendly and cooperative relations with cyprus and reiterated china 's principled stance on the cyprus issue .
a us official said following the speech that most americans do not believe in cults and that " falungong " is not well received here .
article 14 . a security area shall be separately delimited for those operations facilities not incorporated with the military restricted zone or military administrative zone .
he said that the activity is now being unfolded in all parts of the country and has won great support from the people throughout the country .
we must reinforce the responsibility system and perfect the motivational and restrictive mechanisms to make " comprehensive management " a conscious action of grassroots cadres and masses .
tang jiaxuan expressed appreciation for annan 's efforts to strengthen the role of the un and reinvigorate the un since he assumed the post of un secretary general .
he said : at the turn of the century , mankind is faced with both opportunities and challenges . the international community places greater hopes on the un .
china 's huge success achieved in promoting and convening the china-africa cooperation forum at the end of 2000 has received favorable comments from african countries .
the united nations is currently the most extensive international organization of national governments , and its important role in this regard is beyond doubt and is irreplaceable .
these acts have infringed upon the legitimate rights and interests of citizens , disrupted people 's normal life and aroused strong indignation in all social sectors .
in marked contrast to the scene at andrew 's airport was the congressional banquet room where republican congressional leaders were hosting a luncheon for the new president .
in order to stimulate economic development , bush , during the election , proposed a large-scale tax cut plan of 1.6 trillion us dollars over a 10-year period .
the new us national security adviser jones [ sic ] also said that the united states should minimize its intervention in " humanitarian " disasters .
all the compatriots on both sides of the strait are chinese , and the mainland and taiwan are both chinese territory and our common home .
the facts have proven that for both sides of the strait to uphold the one china principle is the basis for the steady development of cross-strait relations .
in advocating peaceful reunification , we are acting in line with the wishes of the chinese people and preserving the supreme interests of national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
at present , the modernization of the mother mainland has entered a new stage of accomplishing the third-stage strategic goal , and there are boundless business opportunities here .
overseas chinese and ethnic chinese in 35 countries have already set up 57 associations for the promotion of china 's peaceful reunification , and similar organizations .
with the approach of the first spring festival of the new century , it is of great significance to mark the sixth anniversary of the speech .
therefore , numerous bills signed by clinton before he left office will have difficulty becoming enacted as they have not been listed in the federal government register .
dai xianglong revealed that the amount of term-expired loans which had not been repaid by the end of last year represented one-quarter of total loans .
as a matter of fact , such harmful factors also are right around the hong kong people and they have become more and more unbridled .
chu shulong emphasized that it is unrealistic to hold that us confrontation with china over democracy and human rights will diminish after bush jr. takes office .
the year that has just ended has been a year in which the whole country has made concerted efforts and all fronts have achieved outstanding successes .
we have overcome the difficulties caused by the asian financial crisis , and the national economy has taken an important turn toward a virtuous circle .
li zhaoxing said : the development of sino-us ties is not only beneficial to the two countries and their people but also to world peace .
he said , president jiang zemin 's important speech conformed to the tide of the times and the irreversible trend of development of cross-strait relations .
we hope that the leader of the taiwan authorities will acknowledge the one china principle and take practical action to promote improvement and development of cross-strait relations .
any move to delay settlement of the taiwan problem will find no popular favor , and blurring the one china principle cannot be sustained for long .
some 60 responsible persons concerned of the central committees of democratic parties and the all-china federation of industry and commerce and representatives of non-party figures attended the forum .
zhu rongji also went to the macun traffic police box in the busiest section of nanning to extend regards to the public security traffic police on duty there .
he expressed the hope that the two countries ' relations would constantly improve and develop on the principle and basis of the three sino-us joint communiques .
although china has become a world power in aerospace technology , he did not think that china would deploy its national missile defense ( nmd ) system .
a key factor , among others , is the high-tech transformation of enterprises so that their products can meet the needs of modern warfare and future battles .
regretfully , the united states adopts double standards . they used tanks to attack a cult , justifying that act as the realization of the rule of law .
earlier , i met with secretary of state powell , a veteran , who is slightly her senior , and we also had a very good talk .
while compiling his teaching plan , gao found out that the new system was prone to a security accident , for it had no security terminal .
in addition , once a space station or a space laser gun is locked on by the piggyback satellite , they will be immediately paralyzed or destroyed .
ever vigilant , he rushed out of the compound and arrested song , a " falungong " lawbreaker , just as he was trying to make his escape .
more and more people 's police dashed ahead to the flames . more and more fire extinguishers shot out white mist to suppress the flames .
the responsible officials of the beijing municipal government urged the hospital to treat the injured at all costs and save their lives to the best of its ability .
he told this reporter that " he had been prepared to burn himself and go to ' the world of paradise ' when he was at home . "
lying in bed , the child , who was most obedient to her mother , uttered these words . this made us sick at heart .
some economic assessment agencies at home and abroad believe that china 's economy has now passed through the low point and has entered a new growth period .
actually , developing the non-state-owned sector of the economy and adjusting the ownership structure is by all rights something that should fall under the heading of soe reforms .
the opinions laid out specific stipulations concerning the publicity objects , publicity scope , publicity contents , publicity forms , publicity timing , and publicity procedures .
fu said : when seeing on television that some obsessed " falungong " practitioners tried to burn themselves to death , he was shocked and indignant .
later she even requested the police station to take her to prison and said the prison was a ' temple ' where she could practice cultivation .
facts have proved that our struggle against the " falungong " is not just one against an evil cult , but more importantly a political struggle .
if leaders of the taiwan authorities can truly recognize the principle , it will be welcomed by our compatriots in taiwan and also by us .
and collective self-immolation is a cruel and frenzied terror action often adopted by cults , showing that their " evil " nature has gone to the extreme .
the united states has taken such strong action against cults , yet china 's ban on " falungong " has become a " human rights issue . "
the chinese government 's move in banning " falungong " according to law was precisely for the purpose of protecting people 's basic rights and freedoms .
hold our ground and be able to do and accomplish something as a matter of fact , the prc presented foreign affairs guidelines generally including eight characters .
moreover , the chinese embassy in india and the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries also provided donations to the people in the earthquake-stricken area .
what good experiences have been created and new problems have been encountered in the course of conducting the " study and education " activities in various localities ?
they believe that since the publication of comrade jiang zemin 's speech a year ago , there have been profound changes in the education frontline .
chen points out that china 's education workers must soberly realize that today 's environment that affects the teenagers ' growth and maturity is indeed a grim environment .
from the first day since his appearance in the society , li hongzhi and his " falungong " cult have exposed the essence of a cult .
judging by the world 's geostrategic environment today , the two specters are mainly intertwined in the eastern half region of the world 's geographic center -- asia .
in fact , during the 1996 taiwan strait crisis , japan provided the united states and taiwan with its collected intelligence about china 's military movements .
it can be said that the 1993 " ss milky way " incident is of epoch-making symbolic significance to us in considering the issue of state security .
in recent days there has been a lot of talk about " falungong " activities in hong kong , all stressing " one country , two systems . "
in order to uphold " one country , two systems , " it is first necessary to respect state sovereignty , the central authorities , and national laws .
in the final analysis , only with emancipated thinking can truth be sought and only by seeking the truth from facts can thinking truly be emancipated .
in the 1980s , a certain western nation 's police besieged a " fearless " cult organization not balking even to use helicopters to stealthily throw in explosives .
the spokesman said : this incident has fully shown that people like li hongzhi have degenerated to be political tools of the western anti-china forces .
the western anti-china forces also attempted to utilize heretical organization to create confusion and subvert china . this is totally their fond dream and is doomed to failure .
in guangdong , relevant departments have already decided to establish specialized agencies at the provincial and city level to assume responsibility for carrying out this task .
authorities on this matter have revealed to this reporter that guangdong has decided to establish agencies at the provincial and municipal level to combat evil cult organizations .
at present , social stability exists in the disaster areas , the people 's basic needs are guaranteed , and the work of restoring production is under way .
hong kong , 4 feb ( zts ) -- activities , organized by hong kong 's " falungong " organizations , become politicized and well organized .
he has repeatedly clamored for " final consummation , " and instigated diehard elements not to be " stubborn , " but to defy the law .
furthermore , both secretary of defense donald rumsfeld and presidential national security adviser condoleezza rice have also been known as upholding a tough stance toward iraq .
we have seen almost three crops of us presidents now , and saddam is still his same old self . he has neither collapsed , nor surrendered .
listen to li hongzhi 's words . watch " falungong 's " activities . the more you see of " falungong , " the more it looks fascist .
in recent years , all middle schools in the dprk with the necessary conditions have begun offering computer courses , and various colleges have established a computer department .
our military modernization is a component of the national modernization . in addition , the military modernization must adapt itself to the great wave of worldwide military changes .
" falungong " could not have been able to do so much evil or to repeatedly stir up trouble without the support of anti-china forces of the west .
although a bit dramatic about his arrival at the cia , george tenet 's assuming this important post was not totally due to good luck .
it was exactly with a background of being accepted by both the democrats and republicans that george tenet was able to perform his work wotj ease .
according to incomplete statistics , in recent years there have been more than 27 mass suicides in the world , each involving more than 10 people .
a harder line in asia policy japanese foreign minister yohei kono was the first senior asian official to visit the united states after the bush administration took office .
the court verdict won support from the public at large amidst stronger calls in the society for launching a more ruthless crackdown on " god of science . "
zhang made the aforesaid remarks when making a report on the work of the government to the fourth session of the ninth sichuan provincial people 's congress .
reports have it that stanford university 's missile expert hua di was sentenced to 10 years ' imprisonment in autumn last year for disclosing state secrets .
he said : both un general assembly sessions in 1999 and 2000 adopted resolutions with an overwhelming majority vote to safeguard and abide by the abm treaty .
teacher luo suzhen said that many teachers and students are very sad about the self-immolations of the obsessive " falaungong " members on the tiananmen square .
an expert from the china academy of social sciences pointed out that the questions raised by investors involve the issues of grasping , understanding , and implementing policies .
in order to show its " sense of responsibility , " the " blues " carry out reinforcement by mobilizing their military resources , including space forces .
due to this reason , taiwan 's military had begun whipping up opinion about taiwan 's " fragile defense " even before george w. bush formally took office .
when clinton was in office , jesse helms was clinton 's arch " adversary " on foreign policies and often made things difficult for the clinton administration .
last september , the united states announced another arms sales deal with taiwan , worth $ 1.38 billion , namely , the largest in recent years .
brezinsky , a renowned us expert on security issues , once said : the united states will continually abide by its present policy of " one china . "
this was how li hongzhi befogged the minds of the people , deluded his followers , boosted his own prestige and lured others into " evil " ways .
this military expert believes that the united states from now on will enlarge the strength of military training help to taiwan , including transfer of military techniques .
second , over the past 20 years , most of manufacturing industries in hong kong have moved northward to the mainland and witnessed rapid development in the mainland .
below the bosses are " authoritative figures " , each of whom leads a number of organizations called " brigades " [ da dui ] .
they provide huge sums in funding for duma members ' election campaigns , and certain mafia bosses even personally go into battle and stand for election .
according to the contract , the shipyard would sell the submarine to ( feyinbeg ) along with a crew of 60 , for $ 25 million .
the fbi has now assigned a large number of intelligence officials to the us embassy in russia to be responsible for monitoring the activities of the russian mafia .
the us senate foreign relations committee also passed a resolution unjustifiably censuring the chinese government 's handling of " falungong " as persecution of a religious group .
some localities and departments , however , failed to successfully implement these policy decisions and plans . as a result , corrupt phenomena are not effectively checked .
they are divorced from the existing social structure . their values , world outlook and moral concepts are different from what have been traditionally accepted .
they hate human beings , society , all things around them , saying that only death can free people from worldly worries and rescue others .
we must make li hongzhi and his key followers repay the blood debts , bring them to justice , and eliminate the root of the evil .
after the incoming missile has entered the monitoring scope of land-based early-warning radars , the radars will identify the flight path of the target missile .
this principle is not only the basis for negotiations on cross-strait " three links " but is also the basic norm for actual operations in the future .
it was precisely after thoroughly investigating the criminal essence of " falungong " that the chinese government made the correct judgement to ban " falungong . "
how can the bush administration not arouse the vigilance of countries all over the world by stepping up the implementation of this program in defiance of world opinion ?
several things need to be considered when deflation further diminishes in the future and when the thrust of macroeconomic regulation gradually shifts to structural readjustment .
in any case , because of government budgetary constraints , it would be difficult to rely on government revenue to readjust the structure by increasing the volume .
support structural readjustment with institutional innovation third , the readjustment of the supply structure and industrial structure should be integrated with that of the mix of ownership systems .
this makes it very clear that falungong has had the support of foreign powers all along and that its international background is becoming increasingly obvious .
he emphasized that the abm treaty is the cornerstone of international security and stability and has a vital bearing on the security of europe and the whole world .
the ild delegation arrived in pyongyang on 6 february for a goodwill visit at the invitation of the international department of the wpk central committee .
after its eight-day visit in canada , the delegation will leave ottawa on 12 february and proceed to the united states and mexico to continue its visit .
the sect 's fanning up the immolation incident particularly was a typical violent act that is a major target of crackdowns according to laws of all countries .
they have become worse and led to the farce and tragedy of the staging of group self-immolation at tiananmen square on 23 january by " falungong " addicts .
as the host for this year , china , pursuant to the decision of the apec leaders ' meeting , also holds a positive attitude on this issue .
he hoped that overseas chinese in australia will continue to play a positive role and make greater contributions to smash the attempts of " falungong " in australia .
a core concept that li hongzhi and his " falungong " employ to trick people is the so-called " truthfulness , benevolence , and tolerance . "
thereupon , " falungong " fell to pieces and the vast majority of followers broke away from this cult and gradually returned to normal work and life .
surprisingly , such unspeakably absurd statements succeeded in tricking many people and became the highest ideal and object of pursuit for some " falungong " fanatics .
on the first day of the new century , li hongzhi published his so-called " scripture " abroad , entitled " being too much to bear . "
we must fully recognize the long-term , acute , and complex nature of our struggle against the " falungong " cult and must not sit back and relax .
in particular , in recent years , with the joint efforts of both sides , sino-canadian relations were advanced into a new stage of development .
the report notes that the us department of defense has continued to deploy forces close to communist china to cope with a possible conflict in the taiwan strait .
the paper also carried a report earlier on a us decision to appropriate funds for the improvement of port facilities in guam to accommodate attack submarines .
the scientific and practical nature of " one country , two systems " has been more fully demonstrated and has been appreciated by the international community .
in taiwan 's " election " last march , thanks to lee 's covert assistance , the candidate of the democratic progressive party was elected .
deceived by heresies of li hongzhi and his cult organization , the small handful of " falungong " diehards have been caught in a very dangerous plight .
according to the strategic consideration of the bush administration , the nmd will greatly strengthen the us military combat capability in information warfare and in star wars .
the impact of the asian financial crisis in the second half of 1997 on china 's economy was felt first in china 's foreign economic relations and trade .
overseas chinese and foreign nationals of chinese origin all resolutely support all the effective measures adopted by the chinese government against the " falungong " evil cult .
meanwhile , fujian 's procuratorial authorities are studying the distinctive characteristics and the laws of bribery in an effort to improve their investigation and intensify their efficiency .
he said : in the course of perfecting the international financial and trade system , developing countries should enjoy equal participation rights and be given more say .
on the economic and trade ties between the two countries , wu yi said : the chinese government always attaches importance to economic and trade cooperation with slovakia .
in addition , we will disseminate and share commercial information with the aid of internet technology and explore e-commerce and other new methods of trading .
along with the establishment and perfecting of the social security system , the separation of social service organizations from enterprises must proceed as quickly as possible .
jiang zemin first extended greetings to jean chretien for staying in his position for another term and also warmly welcomed him for his fourth visit to china .
during my visit to canada in 1997 , i was warmly received by prime minister jean chretien . his warm reception remains fresh in my memory .
emancipating thinking and seeking truth from facts not only is the essence of marxism but also is at the core of persistently struggling to realize socialist modernization .
the three gorges project represents a great undertaking of lasting importance for the chinese nation . quality is the life of the three gorges project .
after the protocol is concluded and takes effect , all bloc export control mechanisms and arrangements not in compliance with the stipulations of the convenant should be abolished .
according to reports , it was disclosed by the us side that the united states is likely to sell " patriot-3 " missiles to taiwan .
afterwards , zhu rongji was present at and addressed an evening banquet co-hosted by the delegation of " canadian national teams " and the canadian-china trade council .
he offered his heart-felt wish that the people and military of china will attain new and greater accomplishments in building and protecting their mother country .
china and mexico have not reached any bilateral agreement , but mexico has pledged that they would not stand in the way of china 's wto entry .
shen guofang said : the special un mission in kosovo has done a lot of work in promoting ethnic reconciliation and laid the stress on this aspect .
tung chee-hwa replied that all of them are chinese cities . between three cities , they should help each other and learn from each other .
the lichuan city police sent more than 200 police officers to disperse the demonstrating peasants . they arrested a dozen or so of the demonstrators .
he said that very soon , taipei will send a delegation to shanghai and relevant issues will also be brought by the delegation to shanghai for discussion .
the " one country , two systems " principle was originally designed for taiwan , but it has been implemented in hong kong and macao first .
chi haotian said : the sino-cambodian friendship cause pioneered by king sihanouk and chinese leaders of three generations has withstood the tests of historical storms .
ma ying-jeou said that during his visit to hong kong , he is not just making a ritual visit . it is a substantial exchange .
but another $ 14 billion has now been added on the basis of this for the 2002 fiscal year , which starts in october this year .
after the cold war ended , the united states , russia , and many european countries slashed their military expenditures for many years in a row .
at that time , there were two entirely different opinions : some people said that the generator was not good enough and strongly demanded to change the generator .
later , because of their violations of universal law , they descend level after level until they reach the status of " ordinary beings . "
6 . under the facade of " truthfulness , benevolence , and forbearance " , he brags about " the supremacy of the falun dafa . "
modern science must submit to empirical examination , but li hongzhi 's unfounded false reasoning and heretical teachings dare not face and cannot withstand scientific examination .
the us national defense budget has not only increased in real terms in recent years , since its percentage increases have also risen year on year .
us military spending has successively set new records since the end of the cold war , and this trend is likely to continue for a time .
in order to ensure water would smooth flow toward the lower reaches , all workers of the tarim valley management bureau worked day and night in the wilderness .
he pointed out : the united nations general assembly has successively passed resolutions twice on safeguarding and abiding by the anti-ballistic missile [ abm ] treaty .
at a news conference held at the ministry of foreign affairs , zhu bangzao pointed out : li hongzhi is the head of the " falungong " cult .
the enhanced cooperation between china and kazakhstan in diverse sectors , including politics and trade , has achieved significant results and still has massive potential .
during the forum today state planning commission vice chairman li zibin gave a comprehensive introduction to the focal points and policies in instituting the strategy for western development .
the jinhua county court began a three-day trial of the case on 15 january and openly passed sentences on the criminal offences committed by the vicious gang .
the united states is the most powerful military country in the world , but it is still continuing to pursue absolute superiority and absolute security .
during a diplomatic strategy report to russia 's diplomatic personnel , president putin also stressed that russia would definitely not sit by while nmd did whatever it wants .
it has been revealed that the newly established space force will be given the missions of launching various military space vehicles and strikes against enemy space weapons systems .
whether dealing with nmd or fighting a " space war , " this will be one of the " trump cards " that russia holds .
nowadays , the rapid development of the information industry has brought about earth-shaking changes to the world . informationalization has become the theme of global economic development .
he told this reporter that " the dprk has made all technical preparations for hooking onto the internet , and all that is required is an order . "
as to what are the principal risks and challenges of china 's wto entry , long yongtu said that " they are the unpreparedness . "
a high-level government official noted that the fact that president bush had written to president chen shui-bian had " positive significance for bilateral relations . "
in keeping with diplomatic protocol and by mutual agreement , however , neither the presidential office nor the us side would elaborate on the contents of the letter .
president chen said that he welcomed chinese communist leaders to visit taiwan to share in taiwan 's joy and pride over its economic and democratic achievements .
the industry manufacturing electronic and information products should take important steps forward in expanding its scale and efficiency and increasing its ability to make technological innovation .
-- we should deepen enterprise reform and develop an economic working mechanism with system innovation , technological innovation , and management innovation as its core .
according to the public security organs ' initial investigation , the self-immolator was 25 year-old " falungong " practitioner tan yihui from changde city in hunan .
in recent years , the control center has handled more than 20,000 incidents of traffic jam and tackled more than 2,100 sudden incidents on an average a year .
it has been proven by facts that airstrikes against iraq , apart from intensifying the turbulent situation in the mideast region , cannot settle any problems .
he expressed the hope that , through dialogue and more exchanges , the united states will understand better the true face of " falungong . "
i wept until my eyes were swollen and there were no more tears to shed ; and i walked until my shoes were worn out .
the article said that the recent case of " falungong " addicts setting themselves ablaze has aroused strong resentment among the people of various social sectors in china .
after the deployment of the three nuclear attack submarines in guam , the number of us navy officers and sailors will be increased to 750 .
it is obvious that there will be an extremely complex struggle between the two coasts over the three links after they are admitted into the wto .
they insist on their right to interpret one china their way precisely because they differ from mainland china in what " one china " really means to them .
the so-called " two cities " in his speech refer to the " one country , two systems " now being implemented in hong kong .
second , the airstrike occurred on the eve of secretary of state powell 's visit to the middle east , so its inner purpose affords food for thought .
at the same time , a fine atmosphere of study and a fair environment of competition should be created and the spirit of teamwork should be promoted .
the whole series of violations of law and crimes committed by " falungong " have fully exposed its antiscientific , antisocial , and antihuman cult essence .
he expressed belief that hong kong society is sufficiently wise and capable of dealing with hong kong 's " falungong " problem according to law .
ye xiaowen said in this regard that the recent remarks of a responsible person of the central government 's liaison office in hong kong have already clarified this .
they have the gall to forget that lugouqiao is a place in beijing , china , and that the japanese army were invaders forcibly occupying it !
in recent days tens of thousands of baghdad citizens and arab students studying here have held street demonstrations and parades in protest against the us-british crimes .
bringing up large numbers of high-quality scientific and technological talents fundamentally speaking , the competition in today 's world is a contention for able personnel .
since the spread of the hybrid rice technology , the accumulated increased output of rice is 350 billion kg . this has produced tremendous economic and social benefits .
question : since it has turned into an irresistible trend , when do you think is the best time for the government to launch big three links ?
for some time , goodwill flotillas have been the most important high seas training lesson for the navy fleet and students currently graduating from the naval academy .
in the important areas of diplomacy , security , energy , and counter-narcotics , the united states relies on cooperation from countries in its " backyard . "
that is , the united states often wantonly interferes in other countries ' domestic affairs and exhibits " hegemonist " aggressiveness in relations with other countries .
the " three represents " principle provides the fundamental guarantee regarding our party 's effort to meet contemporary challenges the world is undergoing profound changes today .
the programs to be broadcast must be works with realistic themes . it is imperative to loudly sing the ' three goods ' plays . "
mexico city , 18 feb ( renmin ribao ) -- on 16 february , us president george w. bush paid an eight-hour lightning visit to mexico .
the policies and measures taken on the question of migration should reflect the interests of both countries and remove problems that exist in the aspect of migration .
it has indeed " changed people 's lives , " since they changed from living to dead , but is it worth dying such a cruel death ?
beijing is the first stop for the olympic committee appraisal group , which will subsequently visit cities bidding for the olympic games such as paris and osaka .
the " proposal on the 10th five-year plan " made by the cpc central committee pointed out that the soe reform is the central link of economic restructuring .
this will help alleviate the iraqi people 's suffering caused by the sanctions , and will also be conducive to the entire region 's peace and stability .
we advocate a multi-polar world , since the force of one single pole cannot achieve balance and only a combination of a multiple of forces can form equilibrium .
our personnel read relevant government provisions governing radio and television broadcasts to the concerned parties and instructed them to stop building and dismantle the structure .
[ shi-pao chou-kan ] president chen shui-bian has said that your problem is not one of gender , but personality . what is your opinion ?
the project 's regions cover two regions in the guangxi autonomous region and 10 counties , which will bring benefits to over 1 million indigent farmers .
he said that china positively supports the plan to assist palestine and will continue to do everything in its power to help the palestinian people through bilateral channels .
once this kind of strategic balance and stability is disrupted , the progress of arms control and disarmament will be stopped , or even go backward .
zhou mingwei pointed out that the relevant sino-us agreements lay down that us arms sales to taiwan must be reduced year by year , until they finally cease .
of course , russian defense minister marshal sergeyev has vigorous aspirations and takes a very hard line in this respect , but what can this show ?
russia has the technology basis for these things and the potential for turning them into weapons , but they are short of money and their economy is stagnant .
according to an analysis , opening b shares to the domestic investors , in essence , means that b shares have extremely large space for development .
thus , this movement seriously dampened the peasants ' production enthusiasm , resulting in low grain output and the failure to feed and dress the people .
party committees and governments at various levels must proceed from the high demand of overall strategy and fully understand the importance and far-reaching significance of this reform .
in the past 10 years only some 3,000 f-16 and mirage fighters have been produced in the whole world , and taiwan has actually purchased one-tenth of them .
is maintaining the present state of " no reunification , no independence , no war " in the best interests of the united states and taiwan ?
at the same time , he also emphasized that the core issue in cross-strait relations is the issue of " reunification " and " independence . "
no matter what the international situation , so long as the question of reunification or independence exists , china will concentrate on resolving this contradiction .
he said : even though the inspection tour is short , he still hopes all the delegation members can hear , visit , and see more of beijing .
the fourth world includes poor regions in central and western china , minority nationality regions , rural areas , remote areas , and low-income areas .
it was just june last year when there was a ground-breaking change on the korean peninsula : dprk and rok leaders met for the first time !
in a word , speaking in terms of safeguarding social stability , law and virtue have similarly important functions and are interrelated and supplementary to each other .
all these are good for upgrading people 's moral qualities , improving social practice , and further giving a push to the building of the legal system .
however , this balloon of goodwill released by qian qichen consistently failed to draw any response from the taiwan side and attract much international attention .
moreover , chinese and japanese governments have reached common ground last october on developing sino-japanese relations by taking history as our guidance and looking toward the future .
in recent years , the cpc has forged party-to-party relations of a new type with major political parties of the rok , including the new millennium democratic party .
the olympic village will provide in abundance a large variety of foods to satisfy the needs of athletes with different cultural backgrounds and religious beliefs .
q : what kind of inspiration toward policy initiatives can the national unification guidelines ' handling of the " one china " principle bring to the new administration ?
when running for us president , george w. bush said on many occasions that he would revise the clinton administration 's policy of engagement with the dprk .
due to various reasons , clinton was unable to visit the dprk , but the two parties demonstrated the desire to keep on improving relations .
should not those people who have continually run into a brick wall make a proper review of this passage of history and realize certain things ?
the deployment locations will not be limited to one site in alaska , and the intention is to hold out the " protective umbrella " even to israel .
as far as the eu which is making omnibearing efforts on the road of integration is concerned , undoubtedly this is not a favorable factor .
originally , some member countries of eu did not highly welcome the us republican party coming back to power and this issue of nmd have increased their apprehensions .
however , the public opinions believe that since the united states has already made up its mind , it should be a time to thoroughly study this plan .
therefore , this strategy of britain asking the united states to hold talks with russia is to seek some bigger room for maneuver in its dilemma .
he said , " as long as the people of taiwan are not absorbed by the chinese ideology , taiwan can create its own history . "
their attempt of selling taiwan and of betraying the chinese nation will surely be spit upon by taiwan compatriots and will be doomed to failure .
chen guo and liu siying were deeply harmed and led astray by them , throwing their years of blossoming into the merciless flames and ruining their beautiful futures .
it was also open contempt for and challenge to the un " universal declaration on human rights " and " convention on children 's rights . "
-- building a batch of academic disciplines or laboratories of a high standard and with salient military characteristics and improving basic teaching conditions in various academies or schools .
the united states and britain launched air strikes on iraq on 16 february , which shocked almost all arab countries , which are still unhappy about it .
at about 1 : 30 am asian time on 16 february , the united states and britain launched 24 fighters to attack iraq in waves .
in the book , hu angang suggested five new strategies for development of the western region , of which knowledge development strategy is the most important .
judging by the joint news conference that followed their meeting , both sides are willing to continue to maintain and develop the " special relationship . "
they hope that china and the united states can maintain friendly relations and the chinese people and the american people will further develop their friendship .
for many years , china has failed to introduce a system for withdrawal from a stock market or promulgated any user-friendly laws or decrees to this end .
the meeting will again review the un " convention on economic , social and cultural rights , " which was presented by the state council for ratification .
the situation and the tasks before us require that we further strengthen party building in accordance with the important thinking of " three represents . "
comrade jiang zemin has also done so . we are now building socialism with chinese characteristics . this is a strenuous , creative and glorious cause .
us secretary of state powell 's middle east visit is the first visit to the region by a senior us official since the bush administration was inaugurated .
washington , 24 feb -- british prime minister blair flew into washington on the evening of 22 february for a two-day unofficial visit to the united states .
as britain is a bridge between europe and america , their bilateral relationship " will be maintained and will be strengthened in the future . "
this is because the key subject of the current sessions is to formulate the 10th five-year plan for the national economic and social development in china .
so we can see from this that before the bush administration undertakes a large scale military reform , it will first adopt a policy of providing comforts .
he cited the chinese proverb " promises will be kept and action will be resolute " in answer to queries about china 's fulfillment of its commitment .
is it a major us interest to maintain the status quo , or is it more in us interests to support china 's peaceful reunification ?
zhou mingwei said that the delegation 's main activity in washington will be to hold exchanges and contacts with the us government , congress , and the media .
wu yi said , china attaches importance to and cherishes its relations with romania and regards romania as a close and reliable partner in central and eastern europe .
the federal election system has already been reduced to a " system of group briberies , " and the american democracy has already been sold to the highest-bidder .
the strong guidance of the party central committee led by comrade jiang zemin is the basic guarantee for strengthening the cohesiveness of the united front .
the broader the scale of unity and the more the people are united , the greater the certainty for our party in overcoming difficulties and winning victories .
one day last february , i heard someone begging in a heart-breaking voice coming from the reformatory 's visitation room : " mama begs you !
due to my constant work overload , i became ill and was hospitalized , and had to postpone my scheduled wedding for a second time .
[ chi ] russia currently possesses the capability to destroy the united states ' antimissile systems , but why does the united states insist on developing the nmd ?
in recent years , yeltsin tried to please the west in all respects and suffered much bullying . similarly , china has also made numerous important concessions .
cao gangchuan stressed that : practice has proved that the crucial decision by the party central committee to implement the " 863 " plan was absolutely correct .
arab countries will hold a meeting of head of states in late march in amman , capital of jordan , in an effort to strengthen unity among themselves .
in his meeting with powell , palestinian national authority chairman arafat expressed the hope that the palestine-israel peace talks will resume from where they were interrupted .
finally , i wish deqen new successes in all fields and wish the broad masses of cadres and people the best of health and every success in work .
however , some forces continued to irresponsibly criticize the chinese government 's handling of the " falungong " issue and made arbitrary blames by adopting double standards .
ms. robinson praised china for its progress in reform , opening up , and building the legal system and expressed satisfaction with the cooperation with china .
zhang qiyue replied : we have noticed the reports on a succession of large-scale riots in the two indonesian provinces , central kalimantan and riau .
just like those blueprints conceived by scholars of the past , these blueprints can prevent this world where we are living in from being disintegrated .
the chinese government and people express their staunch opposition to the united states interfering in china 's internal affairs making use of the so-called human rights issue .
ms. robinson praised china for its progress in reform , opening up and building the legal system , and expressed satisfaction with the cooperation with china .
economically , bush jr. understands the good time of ultra-long period of prosperity enjoyed by the united states during the clinton years is now over .
the un side stressed , however , that only when iraq allowed the united nations to resume inspection of iraqi weapons would the lifting of sanctions be discussed .
in 2000 , our country 's gdp rose by 8 percent ; revenues came to 1,338 billion yuan , an increase of 16.9 percent over 1999 .
as far as americans are concerned , gun shootings and threats with weapons are common phenomena , which is an inevitable result of weapon inundation .
according to an insider , this institute grows out of the " school of the americas " -- a military academy subordinate to the us army .
this is also the common pattern of countries in the world . there must be plans for high-technology development . without plans , there can be no development .
[ zhang ] would you please comment on the new characteristics of the implementation of the " 863 " project during the " 10th five-year " period ?
jiang zemin presided over a forum in sanya city to discuss how to strengthen and improve party building , especially how to improve the party 's work style .
we must ensure that the socialist modernization drive in china will always develop in a correction direction , and we must continue to properly build our party .
besides , a number of columns newly launched by xinhuanet.com , including news by theme , chinese-foreign relations , and news chart , are also full of characteristics .
" the reason i didn 't carry out self-immolation is because ' the master ' wants to keep me , to use my voice for talking . "
i have to make up classes right away , otherwise my classmates are going to be in the sixth grade and i will be left behind . "
in practical work , the phenomena of not following the established legal procedures and stipulations , and failing to strictly enforcing the laws still exist quite commonly .
the meeting approved the revised law on administration of pharmaceuticals , and the npc standing committee decision on revising the law on autonomy of ethnic regions .
as a result of the revision , the provisions of these two laws are more perfect , and the key now lies in their earnest implementation .
in accordance with the provisions of the constitution , the standing committee is the permanent organ of the npc and is responsible to the npc .
the " falungong " cult did not even leave women and children alone . it instigated women and children to serve as its sacrificial objects .
article by lian tian accuses the americans of adopting dual standard for dealing with the human rights issue ( 800 chrts , p 1 , text ) .
the projects and views this plenary session has put forward are all practical , and the course you have set for your operations is also correct .
nevertheless , zhou mingwei indicated on another occasion that peace would by no means be possible if taiwan chose to reject reunification by way of a referendum .
these actual activities of falungong further expose its vicious motive of making hong kong the center of its cult activities and the base for opposing china .
this determines that the outlines of the 10th five-year plan reflect an historical and overall perspective , embody strategic thinking , and adopt a global vision .
b share prices will considerably rise for some time but like those in the a share market , they will likewise fluctuate in the future .
qi huaiyuan said : mother mainland has proposed that both sides of the strait should carry out dialogues and negotiations based on the " one-china " principle .
the cppcc is always a forceful driver of the great unity of the entire people throughout the country and also an active driver of socialist democracy .
i should say , as in previous years , the human rights report was still full of rumors , slanders , distortions , exaggerations , and fabrications .
people may ask : is not the continuous enhancement of the people 's living standards precisely a prominent embodiment of the improvement of the human rights conditions ?
the report devoted much space to denounce china 's banning of the " falungong " evil cult , saying that such an action opposed the freedom of belief .
nevertheless , iraq has all along rejected this resolution , setting the removal of sanctions down as the precondition for the return of un weapons inspectors to iraq .
through the un weapons inspection team , the united states checked all places in iraqi territory where it thought weapons of mass destruction were likely to be hidden .
it was reported that the united states assigned some intelligence agents to work in the unscom for the sake of controlling and interfering with the committee .
the " iraq national assembly , " the largest anti-saddam exile organization , has also been invited by the us government to carry out activities in america .
the leading members of this organization claim that the aim of this trip is to consult with the us government on how to overthrow the saddam regime .
as for the human rights situation in the united states , the " human rights reports " have never uttered a single word about it .
all people , whether the press circles , public figures from various circles , patriotic personages , or hong kong compatriots , must condemn these increasingly reckless activities .
cppcc chairman li ruihuan declared the session open at 1500 . the whole assembly rose as the orchestra played the grand national anthem of the prc .
during the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee , many members made statements and proposals which contained very good ideas and suggestions on the plan .
the cppcc national committee 's participating units and members expressed their firm support for the center 's important decisions on handling and resolving the " falungong " issue .
during the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee , ye xuanping said , members put forward many important ideas on enhancing and improving cppcc work .
since 1949 , chinese workers have always been organizing and joining trade unions in accordance with applicable chinese laws and will continue to do so in the future .
according to experts , some countries also stated , upon ratification of this covenant , that they would enforce this stipulation in accordance with their own laws .
we are willing to fully exchange views with all political parties and people of all circles in taiwan under the common goal of realizing the motherland 's reunification .
according to preliminary statistics , more than 140 foreign trade statutes are going to be amended and over 570 other administrative regulations are to be abolished .
it reflects in a concentrated manner the will of the people of all ethnic groups across the country and represents their fundamental and long-term interests .
committee member liang zhiwen stressed the need to continue to do painstaking and effective work to popularize the nine-year compulsory education with a strong sense of political responsibility .
he said that " wage disparity between white-collar and blue-collar workers " remains serious , and this phenomenon could make people cast doubt on the value of knowledge .
although the growth rate is slightly lower than that actually achieved in the period of the ninth five-year plan , it is still a rather high growth rate .
these things come in pairs ; deputy wu zhenglong from the old industrial base of liaoning also paid attention to this new characteristic of the 10th fyp .
a reporter asked : the early settlement of the taiwan issue and the accomplishment of the motherland 's reunification are major issues of widespread concern .
as for the attack that " the state prohibits journalists from leaking state secrets , " which country in the world permits the leaking of state secrets ?
the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core displayed superlative talent in running the country well and preserving peace in a complex situation .
the reality of life has proven that our party has wide knowledge and many ways in leading economic work , and the people 's minds are at ease .
his deeds serve as an excellent learning resource and as a warning to people who are fond of giving lip service to tasks without doing any actual work .
member zhao fazhen proposed that the government should consider the development of fishery as a primary industry for optimizing the agricultural structure and increasing peasants ' incomes .
he said , yunnan 's forest cover is a great garden for the chinese nation , and it belongs to the whole country , not just to yunnan .
during the ninth fyp , shanghai 's gdp increased by an annual average of over 12 percent , and the quality of national economic operations continually improved .
pla delegates to npc discuss tenth five-year plan , stress need to intensfy military modernization under party leadership ( 900 chrts , p 1 , text ) .
therefore , doing a good job in this year 's work is of great importance to realizing the grand goals of the " tenth five-year plan . "
xiao zhuoji pointed out : economic restructuring should enable the market to play a dominating and guiding role , and should be accomplished through market competition .
accelerating industrialization : top priority in china 's current modernization effort the manufacturing sector is the main force of industrialization and the motive force for achieving modernization .
the reporters knew very well that it was impossible that everybody would have an opportunity to ask questions , but they still cherished some hopes .
with this statement he made while talking to the chinese and foreign reporters , foreign affairs minister outlined china 's foreign policy for the new century .
deputy chi haotain stressed : the western region is very important strategically , which has always had a bearing on the major strategic orientation of our national security .
zhu rongji said that hunan , like the rest of the country , has reached a new level in its modernization during the ninth five-year plan .
committee member fan baojun said that in the course of improving the social security system , special attention should be paid to properly guaranteeing the minimum income .
committee member wu jianguo said that a social security system with the government as the main body and with non-governmental undertakings being complements should be established .
in the process of accomplishing the 10th five-year plan , it is necessary to firmly grasp the main theme of development without wavering for any reasons .
representative qu geping discussed a broad range of topics with internet users , including the 2008 olympics bid , developing the automotive industry and controlling china 's population .
no matter how hard and grim the situation is , we are able to overcome it so long as there is the leadership of the party .
the shortage of talented human resources , especially the shortage of high-quality talented human resources , has become the greatest constraint on development of the chinese economy .
member wang wenyuan went on to say that " this is also an important measure for achieving leaps in development and the third strategic goal . "
the work toward taiwan , including the task , policy , principle , and prospects , has been expressed very clearly in four short sentences .
the further optimization of the product mix and the development of special varieties of premium quality should develop in the direction of regionalization , specialization and industrialization .
she said the patent system is in line with the legal system for the market economy , and anyone whose rights have been violated can seek legal assistance .
deputy chi haotian emphasized that the strategic position of west china is extremely important . it has always been an important strategic orientation affecting china 's security .
in the speech delivered by some cppcc members just now , some stressed one country and some others stressed two systems . actually , they are one thing .
correction added -- article hails outline of the 10th 5-year plan for national economic and social development. cites some details of its outstanding basic characteristics .
the ' outline ' of the " 10th five-year plan " is a continuation and further definition of our nation 's " three-step " development strategy .
it is necessary to avoid formalism in the adjustment liu hongbin said : administrative interference by local governments has a great influence on the adjustment of agricultural structure .
shanghai mayor xu kuangdi said : compared with the ninth five-year plan , during the 10th five-year plan period , china will face more open international economic competition .
at the same time , over 50 charges , fund-raising schemes , governmental funds , and appraisal and emulation schemes were abolished across the province .
this is the fundamental way to put in order the relationship in distribution between the state , collectives and the peasants and to reduce the peasants ' burden .
while strengthening ideological and moral education among all the people , it is necessary to strengthen the " rule of law " for the market order .
we must uphold socialist values and limit the market economy 's negative impact to even better advance the work of promoting integrity and self-discipline among leading cadres .
deputy jia shaoji suggested in his speech that the state should intensify support for reforming the scientific research system and rejuvenating the equipment manufacturing industry .
facts have proved that prosperity and stability complement each other , stability is the precondition of prosperity and , in turn , prosperity promotes stability .
the subject matters that members of the shaanxi delegation discussed this afternoon were primarily those concerning the 10th five-year plan and the development of western china .
he said : the outline of the 10th five-year plan is a common action program for the entire people of all ethnic groups in our country .
it is hoped that yunnan province will seize the opportunities in the new century to make new progress and make greater development by surmounting difficulties .
having heard this question , qian qichen immediately answered , " i think i support his standing . otherwise , what shall we do without stability ? "
[ qian ] it should be said that it will be okay and of no question if there is anyone who enters into the election contest .
as the process of china 's entry into the world trade organization speeds up , the state enterprises will face still fiercer international market competition .
( i ) first , it is necessary to proceed from a macroscopic level and strategic angle to clearly determine the situation and environment confronting us .
today , the economy in hong kong is also confronted with new challenges . but challenges accompany new opportunities and difficulties are pregnant with new hopes .
so far , the state has formulated preferential policies and measures for the big west development and increased the input and financial transfer payment into the western region .
( iii ) to get hold of the historical opportunities and strive for new developments , it is imperative to maintain the stability of political and social environments .
the building of strategic capability is a vast systems engineering project which needs to be integrated with national economic construction and the development of science and technology .
argument : on the question of the resettlement of retired meritorious servicemen , the current outstanding problem is that the policies are not implemented with sufficient vigor .
argument : at present the construction and protection of military installations has encountered many new problems , and it is essential to adopt effective measures to resolve them .
from what he said during the interview , the reporter can see the blueprint charted on the qinghai-xizang plateau for the development in the five years to come .
hu jintao made frequent notes on the deputies ' main points while they were speaking , and also interrupted to exchange views and engage in discussion with them .
at a news conference held here today at the ministry of foreign affairs , afghanistan embassy information official said that the taliban has stopped destroying buddhist statues .
prueher emphasized the importance of dialogue and exchanges between the united states and china , and expressed great confidence in the prospects of the development of us-china relations .
finance minister xiang huaicheng and foreign minister tang jiaxuan both talked about the background and reasons of the increase in military spending at the " two sessions . "
in recent years , no serious floods occurred in the huai he valley , but we must not neglect or take lightly the work of harnessing the river .
in order to lighten peasants ' burdens conscientiously , we must adopt a developmental point of view , and increase peasants ' income while promoting rural economic development .
they held that reform is a strong driving force for us to formulate and fulfill the 10th five-year plan and doing a good job in all fields .
it has also informed the deputies of the action that had been taken regarding the motions , proposals , and criticism raised in the last annual session .
with the untiring efforts we make , we certainly can achieve long-term stability and leap-and-bound economic and social development in tibet in the new century .
transnational corporations are coming the wto is getting closer and closer to us and transnational corporations are entering the china market on a large scale .
besides , we must speed up the grooming of enterprises ' innovation capability and core competitiveness , which is the key to meeting the challenge .
institutional innovations are related to various aspects of the political and economic life , and in essence , such innovations will lead to the readjustment of production relations .
while carrying out technological , institutional , and management innovations , it is also necessary to pay attention to theoretical innovations , thus promoting the economic practice .
he suggested the country implement a permit system for eradicating pollution , whereby limits are placed on the overall amount of pollution produced by a given enterprise .
in reviewing and discussing this topic , they expressed the view that the urbanization strategy is an important choice for china to achieve urbanization in the new century .
delegate xu zhenghu from heilongjiang said that starting in the 1980s in the last century , many experts began raising the theory of developing small cities and towns .
cao qingze emphasized that china must resolutely unfold a protracted struggle against corruption in order to ensure the smooth implementation of the 10th five-year plan .
they must strictly ensure the quality of the education program and make sure that it will proceed in a down-to-earth manner and will yield real results .
the stronger our military is and the more complete our preparations are , the greater our chances of achieving the peaceful unification of the motherland are .
in the course of supervision , attention should be paid to the overall situation of the whole national and the overall interests of the entire people .
xiao yang said : last year , courts across the country handed down sentences to more than 640,000 criminals , up 6.21 percent from the previous year .
they have called for the establishment of a complete set of more rational distribution systems to prevent the " polarization " trend in income distribution .
to truly protect the people 's litigation right in accordance with the law despite their economic difficulty , the spc improved the judicial rescue and assistance system .
han zhubin said : this year is the first year for implementing the 10th five-year plan and marching toward the third-step strategic goal of modernization .
han zhubin proposed that procuratorial organs conscientiously perform their procuratorial responsibilities and better serve the overall interests of the party 's and the state 's work .
typical examples are yuncheng prefecture 's fraud in carrying out infiltrating irrigation and gujiao city 's fraud in launching the " three stresses " education .
he said : to accelerate the process of industrialization in jiangxi , we should break free from conventions and quicken the pace of industrial upgrading .
the supreme people 's court has drawn up " explanations on certain questions concerning the application of specific laws in the prosecution of cases of triad crimes . "
this academician of the chinese engineering academy cited the following example : a boeing 727 needs two engines , and a boeing 747 needs four engines .
in the future , having shanghai alone as a financial center will not be adequate , tianjin or dalian will also become a financial center .
at the panel discussion of cppcc members from calligraphy and painting circles this afternoon , members all indignantly voiced their objection to " cultural independence for taiwan . "
on the other hand , lifting the restrictions on joint-venture enterprises in making purchases has set still higher demands on the state-owned enterprises in china .
guangxi has a long borderline and is close to the world narcotics source " the golden triangle . " the work of banning narcotics is very grim .
in shanghai , 82.9 percent of the patents belong to industrial enterprises and mines and only 15.7 percent of them belong to colleges , universities and research institutes .
at the same time , we must also soberly realize that china 's population , resources , and environmental work is facing many problems and challenges .
second , the " tenth five-year plan " takes economic restructuring as the main line . this will provide a great deal of opportunities for hong kong investors .
being a bridge linking china 's domestic market and the international market , hong kong can help maintain enterprises move out into the international market .
second , we need to intensify our propaganda , particularly intensifying indoctrination about and widespread propaganda on matters such as the " military facilities protection law . "
deputy chen jinbiao says that : premier zhu stressed in his report the need to raise the national defense awareness , to build a sounder defense mobilization system .
i recommend that we further intensify the organizational leadership of defense indoctrination and defense mobilization , to raise the national hardship mentality and defense awareness .
he also called for creating a better environment for attracting overseas compatriots to start businesses in china and play a positive role that they can do .
it has been learned that another reason for increasing military spending is to " keep in line with the profound reform in the world 's military field . "
they said : achieving the reunification of the motherland is one of china 's three main tasks in the new century and represents china 's highest national interest .
he added that us leaders on several occasions have pledged to adhere to the one-china principle . he said china has taken note of this .
at the meeting , le kha phieu asked luo gan to convey cordial greetings and best wishes to general secretary jiang zemin and other chinese leaders .
luo gan noted : china has all along treasured traditional friendship between china and laos and has set great store by furthering good-neighborly relations of cooperation with laos .
while conducting the work of rectifying market economic order , the authorities concerned should also ferret out corrupt elements and punish such people in accordance with the law .
he said that any equipment industrial enterprise is like a child to the state . the palm and the back of a hand come from the same flesh .
during his lifetime , deng xiaoping said , " whether all of our reforms will ultimately be successful still hinges on political system reform . "
mao zedong once said that , at the same time as we remold the objective world , we must also remold our own subjective world .
communist party reform is to build the party into a party that is perpetual frontrunner of the times , full of vitality and the spirit of struggle .
if mao zedong said the same thing before , then why would jiang zemin have to reiterate the " three represents " with its new meaning ?
jiang zemin holds high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , and of course finds it most vital to place attention on party building .
it shows that , in keeping with the course of modernization , mental labor intellectuals sooner or later will become the mainstay of laborers and the masses .
in view of the reactions and queries of various sectors abroad , it is necessary to make some comments on the purposes and impact of the increased budget .
however , unhealthy trends developed in the business activities conducted by the army and government offices , which tarnished the image of the army and the government .
washington , 10 mar ( renmin ribao ) -- rok president kim tae-chung paid a four-day visit to the united states from 6 to 9 march .
hence a number of corresponding regulations were drawn up on permitting market entry to foreign-funded enterprises , the use of raw materials , exports , and so on .
in 2000 the increase in foreign exclusive investment enterprises outstripped that of joint ventures for the first time and became china 's most active method of attracting investment .
liu peiqiong , a hong kong npc deputy , said that the revision of the " law on sino-foreign joint venture enterprises " has eliminated protectionism .
he held that " in the face of the possible blows after wto accession , chinese enterprises have the confidence to meet the challenges . "
a crucial task for the present and coming period is to devote efforts to carrying out and implementing policies and stipulations provided by these interim procedures .
the implementation of the resettlement policy mainly depends on non-military party committees and governments at all levels , as well as departments of organization , personnel and resettlement .
deputy zheng shouzeng said : to understand the situation , we should see the people 's feeling because they are the main body of our society .
we must truly be able to control the armed forces ideologically , and we must be in control of the initiative of waging ideological struggles .
such small cities as kunshan , suzhou , wuxi in jiangsu province are not content with their previous status as shanghai 's " backyard . "
in particular , last year we used such negative examples as hu changqing and cheng kejie to carry out a widespread and in-depth warning education in the party .
we should deepen financial reform , refine the quality of assets of state-owned commercial banks , improve financial service and prevent and reduce financial risks .
beijing , 12 mar ( zxs ) -- during the " two sessions , " pla npc deputies and cppcc members gathered together to jointly discuss national affairs .
this was a democratic , truth-seeking , united , and encouraging session , a session for carrying on from the past and forging ahead into the future .
acting for the people and depending on the people is the fundamental characteristic of supervision in china and is also the greatest strong point of supervision in china .
as the main functions of the cppcc , political consultation , democratic supervision , and participation in and discussion of politics are mutually linked and complementary .
deputy wang lequan from the xinjiang delegation said : to bring true a rapid development , xinjiang must put structural readjustment in the first place .
promote balanced development among population , resources , and the environment . advance economic returns , social returns , and ecological returns across the board .
he said : taking economic construction as the central task and taking development as the main theme is the key link for solving all issues in shaanxi .
in the face of the present new and complicated situation , troop leaders are required to develop a strong political judgment and a high political sensitivity .
" china 's opening up has made a giant stride again , " commented ni shaojie , a deputy from hong kong special administrative region .
in history , we failed to seize several exceptionally good opportunities that had brushed past us and were thrown behind the world 's advanced level .
through the conscientious handling of the recipient units , the motions have played a positive role in promoting reform , opening up , and socialist modernization .
motions related to the building of the legal system , social security , and united front work numbered 882 , accounting for 26.2 percent of the total .
these problems should have been correctly settled according to the laws in force and relevant policies and regulations , and they should have been able to be solved .
what deserves careful pondering is that the proposal of constitutional amendment made by some political forces in japan has obtained support from the right-wing groups in society .
to put it precisely , the words and deeds of some people of the political circles have reflected exactly the political intention of the right-wing forces .
we should expedite the process of enacting the law on supervision so that people 's congresses at different levels and their standing committees can exercise supervision more effectively .
therefore , while it is still possible for china 's foreign trade to maintain stable growth this year , the growth rate might be lower than last year .
the entire report embodies a practical and realistic spirit and is a very realistic plan of action which inspires and impels people to forge ahead .
we should persist in taking reform , opening up , and science and technology progress as the motive force and intensify the market-oriented structural innovation .
yang jiechi said : sino-us joint efforts to develop a healthy and stable cooperative relationship serve the interests of the two countries and the peoples of the world .
paying great attention to the publicity and coverage of the " two sessions , " cmc leaders laid down specific requirements for the publicity work .
in publicizing the " two sessions , " the army paper provided a large amount of quality information in a variety of ways through various angles and levels .
we wish the traditional friendship between the two parties , the two states , and the two peoples of china and laos to be continuously consolidated and developed !
if modernization of nuclear weapons means improving their quality , then , as everyone knows , nuclear tests are a necessary means of developing and improving these weapons .
no matter who it may be , no matter what mechanisms they may employ , no splitting of the nation in any form will be tolerated .
as for the karmapa question , the indian government has made it clear it will not permit karmapa or any foreign power to use him for anti-china activities .
being deputies to the npc , the people have given us a sacred function and power . this is an honor , and is also a responsibility .
the long-term manned space objective is to build a manned space station , and the chinese departments concerned are conducting an advance study into the relevant key technologies .
moreover , the annual " two sessions " has become a major event in china 's political life which is followed with interest by the people .
born in december , 1935 , jia , a senior engineer , served as secretary of the hubei provincial cpc committee and governor of hubei province in 1994 .
he said , the " two bombs and one satellite " of the 1960 's and 1970 's were important innovations through possessing our self-determined intellectual property rights .
deputy hu shixiang said , a country cannot buy its national defense modernization , it has to rely on its own strenuous efforts to tackle difficult problems .
how should we go about introducing , fostering , and retaining talented people in the face of the ever fiercer " battle for talent ? "
the development of modern technology , especially high technology , is causing the world economy to soar and is also spurring profound changes in the world military sphere .
as a person who lived in old tibet and a builder of new tibet , the future of the region is always on legqog 's mind .
tibet 's per capita gdp and per capita income of peasants and herdsmen last year were only a little over half of the country 's averages .
the session concurs with the report 's summation of the work in the past year as well as the arrangements for the work in the coming year .
the central treasury and the provincial treasuries should increase transferred payment and specific project input for education in areas in difficulties and ethnic areas . "
at the request of palestine , the un security council held an open debate on 15 march on whether or not to send troops to palestine .
the 10th five-year plan is a program of action for guiding the work in all fields in the first five years of the new century .
besides , our cadres must also summarize and propagate the deeds of advanced individuals , with a view to educating the public by using typical examples around them .
the kind-hearted people of all ethnic groups in tibet always have keen eyes to differentiate between truth and falsehood and between the good and the evil .
when the duty responsible person discovered this problem , he immediately pulled the item , but it had already been broadcast for more than one second .
therefore , it calls on the broad masses of priests and believers to take positive action in penetratingly exposing and criticizing the heretic nature of " falungong . "
tseng ju-wei pointed out that indices like government income and payments , debt amount and ability to manage all show that taiwan 's finances are facing multiple crises .
but huang yaohui suspects that if this were the case , the government would never know how to criticize their own balance of payment problems .
replies on the results of handling suggestions , criticisms , and views put forward by deputies at meetings are given to the deputies in each instance .
they hoisted huge red banners and waved national flags of china and the united states to warmly welcome the arrival of vice premier qian and his entourage .
over the past 10 years , the world has only manufactured 3,000-plus f-16 and mirage fighter planes and taiwan actually bought one-tenth of those fighter planes .
this will be the first high-level contact between chinese leaders and the bush administration , and may serve as a test balloon for both sides .
whether or not we can have a good beginning of this training in the new century is vitally important for military development in the future .
then , after hearing a dull thud from the pit , they felt a strong gust of gas , coal dregs , and dust blowing at them .
wei said that the realization of the 10th five-year plan calls for the efforts of the chinese working class and the people of all nationalities throughout the country .
chinese ambassador to the united states yang jiechi , permanent representative at the un wang yingfan , and general consul in new york zhang hongxi attended the luncheon .
both sides will engage in an extensive and deep exchange of views on sino-us relations and a series of important international and regional issues of mutual concern .
on the battlefield , the main activity the majority of men under the majority of circumstances are engaged in is collection , transmission , and use of information .
he said : this is of vital importance to ensuring the peace and tranquility in the taiwan region and maintaining the healthy and steady development of sino-us relations .
it is learned that dr. kissinger is visiting china as head of the america-china society delegation at the invitation of the chinese people 's institute of foreign affairs .
according to the organizer of the exhibition , the " memories of the plateau " photo exhibition will be opened in lhasa in may this year .
according to analysts , by doing so , qian was probably trying to pave the way for a more important washington trip which follows immediately .
the leader of the taiwan authority joined the small number of " taiwan independence " elements to stage this farce and clearly exposed his true self .
wishing for peace , pursuing cooperation , and seeking development are the common wishes of the international community and also represent the general trend of the times .
only by conducting equal consultations and dialogue , strengthening mutual trust , and pursuing common security , will we be able to preserve peace and stability .
as the host , china will try its best to ensure its success . this will further advance the process of cooperation in the asia-pacific region .
the taiwan authorities ' allegation that buying weapons from the united states is " for the purpose of taiwan 's defense and security " is hardly convincing .
within this scope , the two sides consent that the us people shall continue to maintain cultural , commercial , and other unofficial relations with taiwan people .
concerted efforts should be made to intensify society-wide , school , and family education , so as to let people build up a firewall in their minds .
among the weapons that the us has already sold or is preparing to sell to taiwan , the " aegis " destroyer represents the most serious threat !
from an international perspective , for the us to implement the nmd program would produce a series of far-reaching adverse effects on the international security climate .
second , us research on nmd will seriously impede the international arms control and disarmament process , and may even trigger a new round of the arms race .
weeding out and upgrading some of these nuclear weapons will make them safer and more reliable and avoid an accidental launch or accidents involving them .
the nature of this training requires that leaders at all levels with responsibilities for guidance must acquire better attainment and quality in science and technology .
guelleh reiterated the djibouti government 's consistent position of adhering to the one china policy and supporting china 's position on the human rights issue .
pitak 's comments came in his speech on thai-china relations at the inaugural ceremony of the sixth executive council of the thai chamber of commerce .
serving the people wholeheartedly is the only aim of the cpc , and is also a distinct symbol that differentiates the cpc from other political parties .
he accused the authorities of deviating from facts and being unfair to a vast number of taiwan investors by coming up with such a conclusion .
meanwhile , the dms-type spike air defense missile recently refitted by taiwan 's army also will be deployed on datan and ertan islands , among other outlying islands .
in the face of the increasingly uncompromising us policy toward the dprk and the dprk tit-for-tat uncompromising attitude toward the us , kim tae-chung was very anxious .
therefore , when he visited the us in mid-march , kim tae-chung repeatedly appealed to the us to resume talks with the dprk as soon as possible .
according to the 10th five-year plan , yang said , development is the main theme and the strategic thinking to be upheld in the years ahead .
inner mongolia , shandong , shaanxi , ningxia , and other provinces and autonomous regions have also cut taxes and fees payable by peasants affected by the drought .
second , rural financial institutions should be further reformed to change the current situation which is far from meeting the requirements for the development of agricultural enterprises .
through contacts , dialogues , and discussions of issues with scholars of an older generation , young people can learn a lot and grow faster .
in today 's world , there are mainly two kinds of social systems . one is the capitalist system , and the other is the socialist system .
if only there is lasting stability , there will be lasting development ; if only there is lasting development , china will be able to achieve socialist modernization .
both china and the united states are permanent members of the un security council , shouldering heavy responsibilities for safeguarding world peace and promoting common prosperity .
bazhong prefecture 's achievements in aiding the poor fully prove that features can be changed if a road is found correctly and if efforts are exerted .
however , the work to divert water from southern china to northern region is a great project and will require a fairly long construction period .
at present , the effective utilization coefficient of water in our country is only 0.4 , while the coefficient in developed countries has reached 0.8 .
bush made the remark while meeting with the press together with qian qichen who is now visiting the united states prior to holding talks with the latter .
he also urged the us side to handle the matter " appropriately and cautiously , " so as to avoid a " negative impact " on bilateral relations .
in the meeting , qian qichen stressed that sino-us relations are closely related to the fundamental interests of both countries and the well-being of the two peoples .
since both are permanent members of the security council , china and the united states have shouldered heavy responsibilities in safeguarding world peace and promoting common prosperity .
this situation offers us a historic opportunity to catch up with the others and achieve leapfrog-style development , but it also presents us with a daunting challenge .
there is an article entitle " don 't cry , long yongtu " on the internet . did you ever weep for this state of affairs ?
however , our case is different . the negotiations on " china 's wto accession " are very complicated to us and also very special to wto .
i had expressed at wto work meetings that china will absolutely not give up the right of increasing its agricultural subsidies after its " wto accession . "
therefore , we cannot just see whether " china 's wto accession " is early or late but we have to judge the conditions for our entry .
at present , it is very important that enterprises themselves should study and understand the regulations of the wto and learn how to safeguard their rights .
therefore , professor jia believes that in reality , it is difficult for the bush administration to implement the policy of " strategic clarity . "
he is looking forward to meeting president jiang at the informal meeting of apec leaders in shanghai in the autumn , and also to visiting beijing .
beijing , 23 mar ( xinhua ) -- the first meeting of the fourth council of the soong ching ling foundation was held in beijing today .
the " declaration " pointed out that china 's peaceful reunification is the trend of the times and will of the people and the wishes of every chinese .
he said : the chinese side is very concerned about the recent deterioration of the safety situation in the republic of macedonia and its neighboring areas .
metzger , who is visiting china for the first time , said that he is optimistic about prospects for exchanges between the us and chinese navies .
the spokesman for this commission pointed out that to promote the regular operation of fund management corporations , we should first upgrade their understanding and change their ideas .
in october , fang jie asked xu chengfu and chen yong to kidnap a self-employed businessman surnamed lan after failing to impose a levy on him .
he pointed out : there are common grounds between the united states and china on a lot of issues but there are also differences on some .
on the question of arms sales to taiwan , the chinese side has explained the seriousness of the matter to the us side on numerous occasions .
this is also a response of the new us government to president putin 's diplomatic policy designed to restore the status of russia as a big power .
qian qichen said : not long ago , president jiang zemin and president bush exchanged letters and reached an important understanding on the development of sino-us relations .
provided that the taiwan authorities acknowledge the one-china policy , the two sides of the straits can assume talks and anything can be discussed . "
however , because of historical reasons , most of the ups and downs that the sino-us relations have experienced are to do with the taiwan issue .
qian qichen said : it is common knowledge that the issue of taiwan is the most important and most sensitive core issue in sino-us relations .
qian qichen said : during the visit , the two sides also exchanged views on the current international situation and some major international and regional issues .
both sides agreed that as mankind enters the 21st century , china and the united states shoulder even weightier responsibility for world peace and development .
for historical reasons , however , most of the twists and turns in the history of sino-us relations have been related to the taiwan issue .
the answer is not hard to get if we look at the repulsive role li hongzhi and his falungong cult have played on the international stage .
" i firmly believe that chinese leaders do not hope for cold war , and to my understanding , american leaders also do not hope for cold war .
the rational opinions and requests of vast numbers of developing countries should be given adequate attention , so that they can really benefit from economic globalization .
at present , china witnesses stable economic growth , ample supply of grain and other farm products , as well as industrial consumer goods and capital goods .
first , macroeconomic control over the financial sector has moved from primarily direct government control to mainly indirect control through interest rates and other monetary policy tools .
however , the problem of the current administrative and management structures being unable to completely meet the demands of the socialist market economy still exists .
a correspondent asked him : if the united states sells aegis destroyers to taiwan , will china try to gain the initiative by striking taiwan first with force ?
at present , the relations between the two countries face opportunities for development , but some problems also exist , which should be carefully and properly dealt with .
china is the largest developing country and the united states is the largest developed country . both are permanent members of the un security council .
regarding how to resolve the taiwan issue , we have long put forward the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems . "
if the taiwan authorities truly think for the people in taiwan , they will discover that this is the only way out and future for taiwan .
any given political model of a country should not be taken as the only benchmark to judge the political models of other countries of the world .
he said as long as the taiwan authorities recognize the one-china principle , the two sides of the strait can hold talks and any issues can be discussed .
as of the end of last year , taiwan businessmen have signed investment contracts totaling $ 49.7 billion , of which $ 27.2 billion has been realized .
all military forces should guide the majority of officers and soldiers to continuously learn new knowledge , master new technology and skillfully use their new armaments .
all general departments may also introduce other rewards for research results and may organize personnel to appraise or reward military scientific research results scored under their leadership .
chapter six coordination and exchanges article 25 research on a major military scientific topic shall be carried out by the relevant units through coordination with one another .
individual units shall support research on a topic listed in their own military scientific research plans by allocating funds from their funds earmarked for developing undertakings .
-- we have always upheld commanding all works with the " five phrases " to ensure the correct direction of the building of grass-roots units .
he said : in accordance with the " 10th five-year plan , " beijing has put development of electronics and information industry in an important position .
at wang yushun 's processing site for illegally manufacturing dynamite , jin ruchao and wang yushun discussed and agreed upon the quantity and price of dynamite .
cults have become public harm to the international community , and the people of all countries should guard against and seriously tackle them , he added .
he made an impression on the reporter by his strict and careful style of work , quick and clear thinking , and learned and elegant manners .
in addition , the united states has set quotas on chinese textile exports , and this guarantees china 's export market to a certain extent .
zhao jinping said , the us economic slowdown will have a certain impact on economic recovery in china 's trading partners such as japan and southeast asian countries .
apart from that , a drop in the exchange rate of the us dollar against the yen and the euro would have an unfavorable impact on chinese exports .
he said that being a friendly neighbor , we are happy in the bottom of our hearts to see the achievements made by the cambodian government and people .
at the invitation of the us government , chinese state council vice premier qian qichen paid a visit to the united states from 18 to 24 march .
the reasonable propositions and demands of the vast number of developing countries should receive enough attention so that they will really obtain benefits from the economic globalization .
the central economic work commission clearly pointed out : " adhering to the expansion of domestic demand is a long-term strategic policy for china 's economic development .
how , then , should we understand the proposition that adhering to the expansion of domestic demand is adhering to " development as the last word " ?
which is to say that , today , as china 's economic development enters a new stage , structural change has become an important indicator of development .
he indicated : " in my opinion , we should continue our engagement with china to prevent a new cold war from taking place . "
on the other hand , such neo-authoritarianism tended to come to be trapped in predicaments because of the difficulty in effectively curbing the corruption of power .
we can only have peace under the one-country principle , and can only have stability under the big protective umbrella of one country , two systems . "
judging by helms ' friendly relations with taiwan , the inquiries he made just before qian qichen 's departure were indeed of an extremely special significance .
the treaty lays down that neither country can build a missile defense system covering its entire territory for intercepting attacks by the opponent 's long-range nuclear weapons .
in short , in face of the new situation and new tasks in the new century , our theoretical workers have to shoulder onerous responsibilities and arduous tasks .
on 21 march , qian qichen and his entourage flew to washington , d.c. at 1900 , qian qichen had a talk with state secretary powell .
in 1975 , the 28-year-old bush once traveled to beijing to visit his father , then head of the us liaison office stationed in beijing .
what should be pointed out is that the eu has not yet permitted the importation of hogs , cows and other hoofed animals and their products from china .
it has been reported that the recent explosions in jerusalem resulted in many casualties and israeli military forces have carried out revenge attacks on palestine-controlled areas .
viacom is one of the world 's leading entertainment and media companies , whose business scope main covers film , television , publishing and entertainment .
he said in his answer that since there are already troubles in the taiwan region , sending weapons there would be like " adding fuel to flame . "
under the major trend of the market economy , agriculture possessing such inferior quality will naturally be in an inferior position while participating in market competition .
in 1956 they dispatched special agents and provided money and arms in supporting an armed revolt against democratic reform in the tibetan part of sichuan .
taha relayed president al-bashir 's regards to president jiang zemin and expressed his strong aspirations for further developing the friendly cooperative relations between the two countries .
on this issue , they should have looked at themselves first , as they have provided a large amount of subsidies to their own agriculture .
he said : relations between china and chile have entered a period of matured and in-depth development since the two countries established diplomatic ties 30 years ago .
this is a very important criterion for judging how this study and education drive has been done and whether it has been conducted in superficial fashion or not .
to ensure smooth progress of the reform , heilongjiang province last year selected hulan and gannan counties to carry out a pilot experiment in this regard .
in the short space of 2-3 years , the quantities of " ice " and ecstasy seized by public security organs have increased by more than 10 times .
politicians from different factions have spent a lot of energy and time for either alliance or factional struggles , in an attempt to seek benefits for themselves .
in 2001 , the united states announced that it will again submit at the 57th un human rights meeting a china-related so-called " human rights bill . "
he said : " if the united states is truly concerned about the human rights situation in china , it should have done more practical things . "
as a former adviser to the taiwan government , bolton pushed for us recognition of taiwan and supported taiwan 's entry to the united nation .
willy wo-lap lam said : " this time beijing 's negative impression of the bush government is aggravated once more amid their tense relations . "
nevertheless , over the last few years the us pentagon has really strengthened its relations with the military in taiwan . what is the significance hidden in this ?
we may take the incident as a bargaining chip , and it is better that we hold official negotiations with the us side after the voting .
this is the reason why china was permitted to join the " un covenant on economic , social , and cultural rights " not long ago .
the collusion between the " taiwan independence " and " tibet independence " forces could not save lee teng-hui , neither can it save taiwan 's new leader .
for the united states to achieve the purpose of " having its crewmembers and aircraft returned , " it needs the assistance of the chinese communists .
hence , we must not have the wishful thinking of putting all the stakes of taiwan 's security and prosperity on bush 's current policy .
the true policy test , however , is the arms sales to taiwan , and whether to sell aegis destroyers to taiwan will be the most severe test .
the united states has shown that the issue on sales of aegis destroyers to taiwan is related to china 's military deployment along the taiwan strait .
cross-strait " three links " should be based on the principles of " one china , direct and two-way links , and mutual benefit . "
we have the greatest sincerity for peaceful settlement of the taiwan issue , and we also have firm resolve and the necessary preparations for smashing any separatist conspiracy .
the direct cause of the crash of the chinese plane was that the us aircraft violated flight rules and suddenly veered toward and approached the chinese plane .
because the first countries have all along been rated as " rascal nations " by the united states , india was extremely dissatisfied with this definition .
after india was hit by earthquake , bush took the initiative to phone vajpayee expressing sympathy over the disaster and dispatched military aircraft to join relief operations .
another offensive on new year 's day this flight included , duan hui has already taken off for combat 97 times since he joined the service .
it is believed that dalai 's objective is to make use of the ' taiwan card ' to conduct dialogue with beijing in the future . "
the points he made on population growth and sustainable social development allowed him to win the confidence of a majority of the more than 500 voters .
the county made special announcements to leading cadres of the rules for the open elections , detailing the posts to be contested and the name list .
all public servants meeting the criteria were eligible for nomination by the organization or the masses or for self-nomination , in order to compete in the election .
of these , 28 were confirmed as eligible to run . these candidates came from units in six different villages and towns as well as county units .
yan xuetong also remarked that the collision of the [ chinese ] and us military aircraft has had a negative impact on relations between the two countries .
with the exception of the new u.s. administration still upholding the one china policy , the strategies of the two sides show far more competition than cooperation .
under normal conditions , when the foreign plane sees the jian-8 fighter 's maneuver , it persists for a moment or two more and then withdraws .
jiang zemin made the above remarks during his meeting with visiting prime minister abdullah bin khalifa al-thani of the state of qatar in beijing this morning .
relying on its strong military forces , the united states has been pursuing a " stick and carrot " policy in asia for a long time .
-- us pacific fleet commander blair said : interceptions of us military aircraft by chinese fighters are an unsafe activity that is becoming more and more common .
what would the united states do if it was chinese warplanes carrying out reconnaisance on america 's threshold and destroying a us plane and killing its pilot ?
we have noted that the united states has ordered the three destroyers to leave the south china sea area and " continue with their original mission . "
besides , it has also violated relevant consensus between china and the united states on avoiding dangerous military actions at sea reached in may 2000 .
the actions of the us aircraft represented an intrusion into chinese airspace and were a serious violation of international law , chinese law , and related sino-us agreements .
it is necessary to seriously launch checks on public order and succeed in discovering the problems early , quickly resolving them , and cracking down hard without mercy .
all departments and units from the center down to the localities must get a good grasp of participating in public order work in their system .
this is our party 's most precious experience over the past 20 and more years and the most reliable guarantee for the victorious advance of our cause .
in recent years there have been many high-level visits between japan and china , which have effectively promoted the development and deepening of bilateral ties .
chile is the first leg of president jiang zemin 's trip to central and south america . he will make a two-day state visit to chile .
the taiwan authorities must explicitly acknowledge the one china principle , and only thus can there be the prospects for stable development in cross-strait relations .
after the plane collision , rather than offering an apology to the chinese side , the us side defended its conduct by citing so-called legal reasons .
as early as in 1982 and 1986 respectively , japan had made an attempt to distort history and beautify its war of aggression on two occasions .
this consensus not only is in accord with the two countries ' interests , but also conforms to the interests of people of the world .
after the incident occurred , the us military publicly claimed that the reconnaisance plane was carrying out routine training when it collided with a chinese fighter .
they don 't know that the constant goal of the chinese communist party is to bring about a situation wherein the chinese people enjoy the fullest human rights .
chen hu : innumerous facts show that the us arms sales and the " taiwan independence " activities inside taiwan have formed a covertly interactive relationship .
it is not too early for taipei to firmly believe that this incident will necessarily have a good effect on the chinese-us arms sales talks in mid-april .
in the past few days , mass media in hong kong all have reported the incident with large coverage and denounced the hegemonic act of the united states .
two military attaches from the us embassy have flown to haikou , whence they traveled to lingshui , which is about three hours away by car .
mystery of us plane 's forced landing not yet explained military experts point out that the ep-3 had no alternative to landing on hainan island .
the hong kong island federation of all trades issued a statement firmly demanding that the us government give a satisfactory explanation on the incident to the chinese people .
the us side should not make a wrong judgment and should not do any other thing that may escalate and complicate the state of affairs .
the county seat is only about eight kilometers from the airport . sancai , which is only one kilometer or two away , is the closest town .
traffic was also normal on the lingshui section of the eastern highway . the maintenance work on the right hand side of the highway was still underway .
they urged both china and the united states to proceed from the overall interests , exercise restraint , and adopt a sober approach to smoothly solve the dispute .
arroyo said that the differences between philippines and china in the issues concerning the south china sea would not affect the overall situation in their friendly relations .
in his speech , jiang zhenghua also briefed the delegates on china 's achievements since it initiated reform and opening up more than 20 years ago .
he stressed that the us side should provide an explanation to the chinese people as soon as possible , apologize to china , and shoulder all responsibilities .
in any case , it is impossible for taiwan independence advocates to see their dream of building a " republic of taiwan " come true .
from what happened before and after the incident , it is not difficult for people to see the serious extent , which the us hegemonistic act has reached .
the brazen infringement on china 's sovereignty and territorial airspace by the united states will never be tolerated by the chinese government and chinese people .
he said : " in studying international law , we must closely integrate theory with practice . only thus can we have convincing power . "
professor liu wenzong said : " although the human rights situation in the united states has its special characteristics , it cannot be described as perfect .
as chinese intellectuals , we must unite still more closely and do a good job in scientific research and teaching , to make the motherland still more powerful .
professor an jinlong , deputy manager of the hainan beida qingdao software company , said , we felt extremely angry after hearing of this incident .
he felt that unless the united states softens its stance , the chinese government will not give in because chinese leaders must take public opinion into consideration .
the united states insisted that the " yinhe " freighter set sail from china 's dalian on 15 july headed for iran 's bandar abbas .
china 's rescue and salvage system has rescue and salvage bureaus in yantai , shanghai and guangzhou and has 11 rescue and salvage stations along the coast .
she said that coco cola has had a history of more than 20 years in china , and its position in the china market is fairly stable .
he gave frequent instructions to the armed forces and departments concerned to pay any price and mobilize all means to search for and rescue the downed pilot .
meanwhile , the collision went against the international aviation law and relevant regulations of our laws and seriously infringed upon our country 's territorial sovereignty .
the current event strikes home the fact again that seizing advantageous opportunities to make the country strong will be a most forceful blow to the hegemonist .
contrary to all these , the chinese side has always resorted to a calm , restrained , and responsible attitude in the entire course of handling this incident .
in his speech , president jiang zemin said : chile has beautiful scenery and rich resources , and is well known as the " country of copper . "
in the ensuing half a century , the chinese people were still constantly subjected to discrimination and unfairness on the part of the united states .
for example , the el nino and la nina phenomena which brought grave disasters to mankind occurred frequently largely because of heavy emissions of greenhouse gases .
at the same time , we should also create a domestic public opinion condition favorable to the government 's proper settlement of the crisis in sino-us relations .
" conscience derives from facts . " history is the truth . history is not a product of subjective creation , but the tracks of the truth .
he said , the two countries should maintain high-level exchange visits and further expand bilateral cooperation in the economic , science and technology , and trade fields .
holding the hands of mama wang , zhang xi said : " wang wei is your good son , and we are proud of him . "
colonel cai qinyao , commander of sanya city 's public security and border defense detachment , said : the chinese people will never tolerate us hegemonism .
the us planes ' frequent low attitude aerial reconnaissance flights near china 's hainan island in recent years have seriously threatened our country 's security interests .
according to zhao yu , chinese pilots are required to check aerial targets that could endanger state security and to follow them and monitor them .
this is an important way for developing countries to jointly cope with changes in the international situation , enhance their overall strength and international status .
-- all developing countries , on the basis of equality and mutual benefit , actively participate in north-south dialogue , promote the improvement of north-south relations .
we both agreed that sino-chilean friendship and our mutual support is in line with the fundamental interests of the two countries and the two peoples .
he said : chile attaches great importance to president jiang zemin 's visit because the chilean people have profound friendly feelings toward the chinese people .
jiang zemin noted : in the course of developing the national economy and promoting social progress , china has paid good attention to the building of legal system .
he said : the two sides should continue mutual visits at a high level and further expand cooperation in economic , sci-tech , trade and other fields .
developing friendly relations with china has always been a policy of chile and chile is willing to bring its good cooperation with china even closer .
at present , our most urgent tasks are to seize opportunities , to expeditiously develop china , and to strengthen the chinese nation as soon as possible .
cering zhuoga and living buddha zhukang welcomed swedish personages on various circles to visit tibet in order to personally experience the tremendous changes taken place in tibet .
otherwise , if it was not allowed to enter and land in the chinese territory , why didn 't china adopt a military action to shoot it down ?
in contrast to the concern and warm feeling shown by taiwan media , taiwan authorities have taken a silent , cold-hearted , and unusually low-key attitude .
on 29 march , while visiting the united states , german chancellor gerhard schroeder criticized the us decision and the two sides parted in discord .
government officials and parliamentary members of germany , france , japan and other countries have criticized the selfishness and high-handed act by the united states one after another .
jiang zemin briefed zaldivar on china 's practice and experience in building a socialist market economy and wished zaldivar 's visit to china a complete success .
chile has an annual production of 500 million liters of wine . it exports about half of its wine , which is worth about $ 600 million .
military expert lu pisen of an air force unit said that the infringement of china 's sovereignty and airspace by us military reconnaissance planes has not started today .
they said that the airspace and territory of the motherland brook no infringement . to defend the motherland and safeguard peace is our bounden sacred duty .
hearing about the us hegemonist act , officers and men of a certain naval submarine unit that are on patrolling duty on the sea were extremely angry .
all the people throughout the world who uphold justice , including many american people , have fully realized that universally accepted truth is on the chinese side .
although the place is a 200-kilometer drive from haikou , quite a number of chinese and foreign reporters have driven there over the past few days .
the reporters waited the entire day yesterday , and it was not until 2245 hours at night that us embassy and consulate personnel set off from the hotel .
the direct cause of the current plane collision was the us plane 's violation of flight rules and sudden change of direction toward the chinese plane .
chi haotian also briefed the guests on the chinese government 's foreign policy , national defense policy , and principled stand on resolving the taiwan issue .
later , li established a " religious fund for the dalai lama , " which is actually a permanent representative office of the dalai clique .
he expressed hope that these personages will , on their respective posts , continue to make positive efforts and contributions to promoting the friendship between china and argentina .
china is entitled to conduct an all-round and thorough investigation of the entire incident , including the responsible persons of the us military plane and the plane itself .
if japan 's economy is once again caught in a recession plus the hard landing of the u.s. economy , it will cause various political consequences .
the extensive application of high and new technology in the military field has brought significant changes in the forms , characteristics and rules of war .
these specialists and professors should boldly use new theories , new knowledge and new technology to work out creative methods of solving tough problems and winning wars .
economic order as a key issue in economic construction has always been considered as an important matter related to the success or failure of a socialist market economy .
therefore , you , bush , should study the chinese culture for once and think about those classic stories of the korean war and vietnam war .
clark stated that since the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries , the new zealand government has always adhered to the " one-china " policy .
holkeri spoke highly of china 's active participation in un work and noted that china has played a positive and important role in international affairs .
president de la rua said : president jiang 's proposals are very important , and they have far-reaching significance for the development of the two countries ' relations .
he said he hoped the common efforts exerted by the two sides would consolidate the two countries ' cooperation in the political , economic , and other areas .
" look , there are black fruits hanging from a dried tree on the hillside . they are wild fruits , aren 't they ? "
jiang zemin said : buenos aires has made noticeable achievements in the aspects of economic development , urban construction , communication and transportation , and environmental protection .
the progress of human rights is an important aspect of the social development of all countries , and it is a historical process of continuous advance .
this morning our reporter interviewed tao wenzhao , an expert in sino-us relations at the us studies institute of the chinese academy of social science .
the new editions have the four following special characteristics : first , japan is a mystical nation centered on the spirit of the emperor-god ( ancient history ) .
regardless of the various and numerous devices that japan uses to muddle history presented to the younger generation , the victims have always been clear in their understanding .
we have crushed some organizations that operated like criminal syndicates ; and that terrorized the neighborhoods , bullied the masses , and committed all sorts of crime .
to uproot the evil forces , we must fully understand their menace and heighten our sense of political responsibility and urgency about winning this fight .
when replying relevant questions , sun yuxi stressed that as long as the us side adepts a cooperative stance , the plane-collision event will be properly settled .
the collusion of " taiwan independence " and " tibet independence " forces has aroused strong protests and denunciation from people of all walks of life in taiwan .
after another phase of looking into the matter , the us government 's attitude of making no apology will also change somewhat as the situation develops .
moreover , the taiwan-funded enterprises on the mainland have exceeded 50,000 at present , and the contract amount of taiwan investment has exceeded $ 50 billion . "
it has even signed " tax collecting " contracts with the local land tax bureau and financial departments and hired thugs to collect taxes by violence everywhere .
yesterday , i had a thorough discussion with president de la rua on bilateral relations and some international issues . it was a good discussion .
we respectfully present president jiang zemin with a " key to the city " to express the friendly feelings of all the city residents toward the chinese people .
4 . the " non-diplomacy -- confrontation " scenario : the united states increases arms sales to taiwan and enlarges the dispute in the indicator events .
" comrades , the plane has entered the no. 5 search area on the sea ; please concentrate and look with your eyes wide open . "
for instance , he published " on taiwan " because he believed that this book would be well responded to by certain people within taiwan .
the emergence of the question of revising japanese history textbooks is by no means a coincidence . it has profound historical background and social causes .
moreover , the mainland 's foreign exchange reserves have far surpassed taiwan 's . taiwan will be the loser if it wants to compete in purchasing weapons . "
this all the more requires that the united states and various countries of the world improve their relations and support the peace and stability in the region .
both countries are strongly opposed to trade protectionism imposed by the developed countries and are actively promoting economic and trade cooperation and exchanges among the developing countries .
these mutual visits and consultations have played an important role in promoting mutual understanding , increasing consensus , and propelling the overall development of the bilateral relations .
with the sino-brazilian strategic partners developing in depth , spectacular headway has also been made in the economic and trade relations between the two countries .
the article said that chinese do not accept the " right to carry out espionage activities " which the united states claims to possess and frequently exercises .
at the mass rally of openly announcing arrests and sentences , the public security bureau of fuzhou city arrested 100 suspected criminals involved in 54 serious cases .
representatives from 29 multinational corporations including siemens , shell , matsushita electric industrial co . ltd . , abb , intel , and ericsson attended the forum .
however , this " whole new image " has indeed brought worries to countries and people in the world who are devoted to peace and development .
the safety of our missing pilot wang wei 's life is what most concerns the party and government and draws the hearts of the millions of people .
the people of all nationalities throughout the country have resolutely supported our government 's solemn stance and displayed strong patriotic fervor and lofty fighting spirit .
in this struggle , the masses and the commanders and fighters of the armed forces have been filled with indignation and shared bitter hatred of the enemy .
today i am happy to see that your country enjoys political stability and the economy has constantly developed under the leadership of your excellency the president .
the us side has also said very sorry to the chinese side for its plane entering china 's airspace and landing at the chinese airport without permission .
under these circumstances and out of humanitarian considerations , the chinese government has decided to allow the us crew members to leave china after completing the necessary procedures .
under president cardoso 's leadership , brazil has received universal acclaim from the international community for its political stability , economic development , and brisk diplomacy .
you have many experiences in legal system building , which are worth using as reference by our side . we hope to continue expanding cooperation in this field .
my visit here is a brief one , but i am deeply impressed by the beauty of montevideo and the hospitality of the uruguayan people .
cuba has all along conscientiously studied china 's successful experiences , and has also learned from china things conformable to cuba 's national conditions or beneficial to cuba .
as party members and cadres , we should pay close attention to our role in the struggle against corruption while gaining a correct understanding of the corruption problem .
the two sides exchanged views on the issues focused on furthering and developing the relations between the two countries and reached consensus on wide-ranging subjects .
for this purpose , jiang zemin made the following proposals : first , contacts between senior officials and exchanges of personnel at various levels should be continued .
as china and brazil are large scientific and technological countries with respective strong points , there is a sound foundation and great potential for cooperation .
jiang zemin said : the sino-brazilian strategic partnership is a new-type relationship of nations built on the foundation of mutual respect , equality , and mutual benefit .
the chinese mainland 's gdp topped $ 1 trillion for the first time last year , and its ranking rose from ninth to seventh in the world .
in fact , the new us government has given china an opportunity . we will see whether china will give back the world a miracle .
no matter how seriously they are damaged , and even if they are turned into wreckage , hi-tech equipment are still of some value anyway .
during the event , chinese leaders were calm and confident , and demonstrated the ability to control a complicated situation and handle a complicated problem .
apart from casualties in terms of propaganda and prestige , the losses to the united states caused by this incident in respect of intelligence were rather serious .
over the years , tashilhunpo has received the close attention and good care of the party and the government for upholding its glorious patriotic tradition .
therefore , both sides hoped to reposition their relationship . this was the background in which dalai went to taiwan to carry out activities for the second time .
to this end , jiang zemin put forward the following proposals : first , he proposed maintaining high-level contacts and personnel exchanges at various levels .
jiang zemin noted that the sino-brazilian strategic partnership is a new-type state-to-state relationship established on the basis of mutual respect , equality , and mutual benefit .
unless this state of affairs is fundamentally changed , it will be hard to promote the common development of all countries and achieve worldwide prosperity .
at the same time , the united nations should carry out appropriate reforms and strengthen its role in the new century in order to meet the new challenges .
after having finished listening to their speeches , li peng solicited the opinions of all forum participants on issues arising in the course of drafting a supervision law .
in formulating a supervision law , we should take these factors into consideration and leave enough room for local people 's congresses to formulate laws and regulations .
in his inspection , li peng went to the provincial power grid control station to acquire on-the-spot information about power market quotations and power scheduling .
due to the constraints of historical and geographical factors , the level of economic and social development in some areas inhabited by minority ethnic groups is comparatively backward .
looking back at the first few days after the sino-us aircraft collision incident , how unreasonable , high-handed , and domineering the us government officials were !
the current generation of students must certainly study diligently and grasp the skills needed to build the motherland in order to intensify the struggle for the motherland .
he said : the letter sent by the wife of pilot wang wei to us president bush gave full expression to the voice of the chinese people .
thanks to our resolute struggle , the us side had to change its hard-line and peremptory attitude and say sorry [ zhi qian ] to the chinese people .
they should seriously implement the military strategic principles in the new period , strive to promote military modernization , and make good preparations for military struggles .
for the part of taiwan , no matter whether it likes to see this or not , this is still an icy-cold reality that we must face squarely .
jiang zemin said on 11 april in uruguay , " in my absence , some people at home are responsible for handling the air collision incident . "
i 'm greatly concerned about the safety of this pilot . i 've issued an instruction that an all-out search should be launched at all costs .
of those people , some are brothers ; some are fathers and sons ; some are mothers and daughters ; and some are of one family .
then , jiang zemin and fidel castro ruz respectively introduced to each other their principal officials present at the ceremony and also reviewed the march-past .
a noteworthy point is that being stimulated by this incident , the chinese communists will be bent on further expanding its military strength in the future .
when the two families exchanged farewells , xu linhua told wang lin again and again : " be sure to take good care of your parents .
to safeguard the country 's independent sovereignty , territorial integrity , and national dignity is the paramount , sacred duty of us soldiers of the republic .
during the may 4 movement and his time in france , he was responsible for editing a variety of revolutionary publications which propagated marxism in extensive fashion .
confronted with savage and cruel enemies , he inspired awe by upholding justice , and refused to yield , thus displaying a communist 's dauntless spirit of heroism .
in the " hard striking " anti-crime struggle in urumqi , therefore , actions will be focused on cracking down on violent and terrorist activities .
the escap should also look forward into the future and explore new opportunities so that all members will achieve greater development in the new century .
chinese ambassador to cuba wang chengjia also delivered an inventory of 50 color televisions given to the cuban government as a present by the chinese government .
however , some americans have not learned any lesson from the incident , and still said they would continue surveillance flights along china 's coasts .
let us imagine : will the united states welcome it if chinese military aircraft regularly flies along us coasts and carries out espionage activities there .
we must work harder to defend the sovereignty and dignity of our motherland and repay the profound love of the party and people with outstanding achievements .
shevardnardze extended his firm support to the chinese government in cracking down on cults and expressed his willingness to work together with the chinese side in this regard .
she seriously pointed out that the us side should realize that china allowed the 24 us crew members to leave china out of humanitarian considerations .
in the company of castro , jiang zemin reviewed the mighty and majestic march-by of the guards of honor with a caribbean tradition and characteristics .
jiang zemin 's current visit to cuba will further push the friendship between the two countries to a new stage of closer cooperation in the 21st century .
judging from an analysis of various developments and factors , it seems impossible for comrade wang wei to return alive . we are all deeply grieved .
gao yan said : as for the losses incurred upon china by japan 's temporary protective measures , the chinese side reserves the right to take further action .
however , given its important position in the china-us relations , taiwan cannot stay aloof from the incident and is doomed to be involved in this storm .
this is the only and the best excuse which jiang zemin and li peng could find for the massacre of the " june 4th " incident .
since 20 may 2000 , the chen shui-bian government has always handled cross-strait ties with empty words . as of now , it has added another example .
they have agreed to be as brave and strong as ruan guoqin and not hesitate to sacrifice everything to defend the motherland 's sea and sky .
tian xuan , the wife of regimental commander fan liping , consulted the other wives about writing a letter to comfort and encourage ruan guoqin in her grief .
please tell wang wei 's parents that the pilots of our regiment are all their sons , and we are all their daughters in law .
tomur dawamat pointed out : the revision of the regional national autonomy law is an important measure to adhere to and improve the system of regional national autonomy .
abdurixit also stated that ethic separatist activities in xinjiang have existed in the past , exist now , and may also exist in the future .
he said that china is willing to unfold more extensive and deeper cooperation with lebanon on the basis of the five principles for peaceful coexistence .
" special article " by staff reporter kao he : academic from cass urges china and united states to establish mutual trust mechanisms for flight .
iranian president khatami recently visited moscow , and the highest leaders of the two countries reached consensus on promoting bilateral cooperation in military technology and on other issues .
this despicable conduct of japan 's right-wing forces which dare to tell a bare-faced lie reminds us that we must not forget the truth of history .
the japanese aggressors committed indescribable crimes against the chinese people in northeast china , trampling the beautiful lands of northeast china and making it suffer a calamity .
all-army , police units determined to take wang wei as model and faithfully perform military missions ( 1,000 chrts , p 1 , text ) .
they should make full use of state optical fiber , satellite , microwave communications , and other modern information transmission channels to ceaselessly expand their visual information networks .
makiko tanaka said : " we definitely will not allow the world 's largest greenhouse effect producer , the united states , to withdraw from the kyoto protocol .
random killing of innocent people and taking away of other people 's lives are most serious criminal acts , thus constituting an unforgivable violation of human rights .
at the regular foreign ministry press conference today , zhang qiyue said that china is concerned over the tension built anew along the lebanese border .
foreign minister abdus sattar made the above remarks when xinhua reporters interviewed him this afternoon at the diaoyutai state guest house where he is staying .
president jiang has also paid visits to factories , farms , or cultural facilities and has met with representatives of overseas chinese and foreign nationals of chinese descent .
this personage of the taiwan authorities said plausibly that the unceasing rising unemployment rate on the island is related to enterprises ' successive investments in mainland china .
among them , the us-taiwan meeting on arms sales , to be held on 24 april , is a card which the united states can play immediately .
they extended the results of the education to the training field and held a speech session entitled " what did hero wang wei tell us ? "
third , we will develop and improve financial markets , and enhance the level of capital management and social capital efficiency of chinese financial enterprises .
it should focus its efforts on expanding overall urban functions and competitiveness and build itself into one of the international economic , financial , trade and shipping centers .
if things are not handled according to the " rules of the game , " the economic order will be chaotic and modernization cannot be realized .
history has proved and will continue to prove that justice is sure to defeat hegemonism , and that the cause of human rights does not tolerate blasphemy .
the various departments have not done in-depth studies of the countermeasures and laws and rules and regulations that may be needed after the country 's wto accession .
geneva , 18 apr -- on 18 april , the 57th session of the united nations human rights commission again refused the united states ' anti-china resolution .
the united states ' hegemonic acts and ways of flaunting its power and extreme arrogance have already aroused the aversion of more and more countries .
he says he hopes that this incident will not undermine relations between the us and china , and that the crew of the us plane should come home .
he also remarks that , to safeguard us security , the us will not halt spy flights in the air along china 's eastern coast .
according to reports , this letter was the fifth draft by the us government , with the four previous drafts all being rejected by the chinese government .
western observers believe that , in the current talks , it is conceivable that the chinese and us sides will each stick to their own version .
look , it was not us who spied on america along its coast , but it was america that spied on us at our doorstep !
the control box of missile launch vehicles is a key component of the missile weaponry , a breakdown of which will result in the missile missing its target .
he said that the exchange of visits between the heads of state of laos and china last year turned a new leaf in their bilateral relations .
he said : the friendship between pakistan and china dates back to ancient times . the peoples of the two countries have all along been good neighbors .
we are convinced that seizing opportunities , tackling challenges , strengthening cooperation , and pursuing common development are the common wishes of the two countries ' peoples .
in the new century , we have seen economic development in certain developed countries held back , which has caused negative effects in world economic development .
lu shumin said , the chinese people dearly love peace , but china 's sovereign independence , territorial integrity , and national dignity brook no infringement .
giving as his reason us planes ' freedom of overflight , he defended the us action in sending aircraft to carry out reconnaisance over chinese coastal waters .
annan said , " the challenge of the network economy demands economic management that is highly effective on both the national and the international levels .
the taiwan issue concerns the political foundation of sino-japanese relations and that the japanese government is under an obligation to adhere to the one-china principle .
those who refuse to accept such assignments and who are not willing to work in difficult conditions should not be appointed to important leading posts .
at the commission 's 57th annual meeting this year , the united states is more isolated than ever . not a single country co-sponsored its resolution .
we are willing to work hard together with the international community and make positive contributions to the healthy development of the cause of international human rights .
even the cult of " falungong , " which is contemned by the chinese people , has become a trump card in the hands of the united states .
' abdallah , a member of the uae environmental control committee , who was carrying out scientific investigation work nearby , witnessed the entire incident .
at the same time , the unmanned fighter can avert combat risks for us servicemen , and can be rapidly deployed in large numbers at any time .
it could be said that the united states is the world 's largest polluter and that it shoulders an inescapable responsibility for global environmental protection .
this was a scene of a joint exercise conducted by an air division of the air force and a frigate detachment of the navy in mid-march .
zhu feng : first , " human rights diplomacy " is a basic component of the foreign policy of the united states since the late 1970s .
it is the responsibility of not only governments at all levels but also the entire society to respect , learn from , and care for model workers .
and he racked his brains in every way possible to create disturbances in an attempt to change taiwan 's status as a part of china .
because of his separatist activities , several crises have occurred in the taiwan strait , pushing relations between the two sides to a very dangerous stage .
it is very wrong to attempt to go to japan to engage in activities to split the motherland under the pretext of " medical treatment . "
supreme peoples court president xiao yang recently inspects court work in shannxi , cite his remarks on ensuring quality of " strict crackdown . " .
his sacrifice is very heroic . he usually performed prominent deeds , which are worthwhile for the officers and soldiers of the whole army to learn from .
he said : in particular , pakistan admires china 's courage and wisdom in dealing with the plane collision incident between china and the united states .
he said the objective is to basically place the markets under lawful and orderly management during the 10th five-year plan period ( from 2001 through 2005 ) .
wang yi pointed out : lee teng-hui , chief representative of " taiwan independence " forces , has never stopped his activities of splitting china .
regardless of the name he uses to visit japan , lee teng-hui cannot change his political attempt to split the motherland and sabotage sino-japanese relations .
the taiwan issue concerns the political foundation of sino-japanese relations , and upholding the one-china principle is a promise the japanese government should abide by .
wang tsin-ping said : the ghost of militarism is still wandering in japan . certain japanese do not want to see china 's peaceful unification .
although he has stepped down from power , he is unwilling to live in obscurity . he still wants to influence taiwan 's political affairs and cross-strait relations .
in detecting and solving those especially serious crimes committed by zhang jun and li zehun , public security organizations received great support from the people .
according to the shaanxi provincial administrative bureau of coal industry , about 52 miners were working in the underground pit at the time of the accident .
wuhan , 21 apr ( zxs ) -- according to reports carried by local newspapers today , more than 50 major criminal elements were executed in hubei recently .
over a period of a month and a half , nearly 120,000 elementary and high school students from the entire nation participated in writing compositions .
after living with the navy , his wife could not find a good job and could not but work in the service agency of the navy .
his wife agreed in tears . wang wei , who got his wish , threw himself into the study and mastery of the new fighter .
the south african government also pays special attention to reinforcing the cooperation with china in the international affairs to strengthen the unity among the developing countries .
ever since the japanese economic bubble burst in the late 80s , a succession of governments has made economic revival the top item on the agenda .
2 . stepping up tracking , monitoring , and counter-surveillance against the hostile reconnaissance activities by the us military planes and warships along china 's coastal areas .
an immediate riposte against the us military planes and warships if they carry out a military attack against china in china 's economic maritime zone .
jiang zemin said that if a war breaks out , it will be a high-tech and hard-fought war , and china must fight well and win the war .
through negotiations and talks over the past eight years , countries in the americas have constantly expanded their consensus on the issue of establishing a free trade zone .
for important military science research projects , we should pool resources and wisdom of all of the armed services to jointly tackle and make breakthroughs in key problems .
in accordance with this decision , corresponding amendments are made to the " implementing regulations of the prc law on foreign-funded enterprises , " which are now republished .
under the careful nurturing of the older generation of leaders in both countries , close friendship has been established between our two parties , states , and peoples .
the entire chinese people , including the taiwan compatriots , have had to make strenuous efforts to gain national independence , dignity , and strength .
both sides favor a reform of the un security council on the basis of a greatest consensus reached among un member nations on all the issues .
the erroneous attitude adopted by the us side on taiwan issue proves to be a major obstacle that has constantly disrupted the normal development of the china-us relations .
only when all the principles stated in the three sino-us joint declarations are observed to the letter can the china-us relations enjoy a healthy , stable development .
in the evening of 17 april , he summoned foreign minister yohei kono to his residence and asked the foreign ministry to issue the visa .
in order to survive and develop , iran must open its eastern region and stabilize its relations with various countries in middle asia and india .
the isolation and blockade of iran by the united states has made iran the principal country of india where it can export its inexpensive industrial and technological products .
more importantly , the energy power iran has fixed its eyes on india , the rising big power in terms of energy consumption and imports .
jiang weiguo , a seaman on a certain guided missile frigate , said : " how i wish i could have an extra pair of eyes ! "
the chinese people say in a strong voice : we must improve ourselves and not be weak ; we want actual strength , not tears .
although wang wei is no longer living now , these words of his still ring day and night in people 's ears like an alarm .
this was not because wang wei had forgotten his promise to his wife but rather because he had devoted all his energies to his flying career .
the message said that laos and china are friendly neighbors , and the contacts and mutual assistance between the two peoples are as old as the hills .
article urges us to stop military reconnaissance activities near china 's coast . it blasts united states for taking such hegemonic move under pretext of ' security . '
full responsibility for the collision lies with the us side , but certain american bigwigs have repeatedly denied this and pushed the responsibility onto china .
us reconnaisance activities against china are the result of us hegemonist psychology and the inevitable consequence of the stubborn us adherence to the cold war mentality .
from this perspective , supporting and participating in the great western development is the unshirkable responsibility of the troops stationed in the western region in the new era .
to promote the coordinated development of the western region 's military economy and the national economy , we must formulate a set of strong and effective safeguard measures .
another scholar maintained that strained relations between the united states and its allies would inevitably affect the united states from attaining the goals of its foreign policy .
the advanced nature of party members , which is decided by the advanced nature of the party , has different meanings and requirements in different historical periods .
on 11 january 2001 , the legislature published the full text of the draft of the revised marriage law to solicit opinions from all social sectors .
this vividly expressed the incomparable value placed on the lives of our servicemen by the party and people , and displayed the great cohesion of the chinese nation .
zhang wannian pointed out that at the start of the new century , hegemonism and power politics remain the main source affecting and endangering world peace and security .
the united states has also established similar bases in cote d 'ivoire , paraguay , thailand , brazil , the central african republic , and argentina .
european parliament member ( botich ) estimates that the us activities in obtaining commercial secrets through electronic eavesdropping have cost europe $ 20 billion in losses .
japan 's nationalist politicians know that only by meeting the united states ' demands will a way be open for japan to join the world .
the chinese side has expressed strong dissatisfaction and opposition to this . the chinese foreign ministry has lodged solemn representations with the us side over this issue .
presently , the customs duties of some latin american states are among the highest in the world or four times higher than the us customs duty .
wang wei set an example in carrying out the fundamental purposes of our party and our army and faithfully performed the fundamental functions of our army .
so long as hegemonism and power politics exist , the world will not be tranquil . so the people in the world should never relax their vigilance .
the chinese side feels that the essence of this question is whether they can see and approach correctly the past history of aggression by japanese militarists .
although new china has been founded for more than 50 years , the stench from the dead body of the feudal dynasty is still poisoning our lives .
moreover , if the " paladin " self-propelled cannon system is deployed on quemoy and matsu , it would constitute a definite threat to the coast of fujian .
submarines , kidd vessels , and antisubmarine planes are three key players in the arms sales . they share the characteristic of having long-range combat capabilities .
chief of general staff general tang yao-ming has said openly at the legislative yuan , " taiwan wants aegis destroyers , since we have this operational need . "
tibetan party , government and military leaders in attendance included legqog , yang zhuantang , xiangbapingcuo , jiangcuo , ma guanghua , jinzhong jianzanpingcuo and wu zhuanjiu .
could it be a " political illness " or " lovesickness for japan " ? opinions vary , and no unanimous conclusion could be drawn .
they were closely attached to each other . lee 's success in visiting japan only served as something prominent in the " chen-lee " joint action .
nearly one year has passed since the new administration took office . the situation within the island and in the cross-strait relations have become grimmer than ever .
the analyst said : earlier this month , zeng qinghong visited singapore and particularly inspected the civil service system there . this action was of great significance .
all army and armed police units conscientiously carry out jiang zemin 's important instruction to learn from wang wei , guardian of sea and air .
zhang said : " wang wei ardently loved the motherland . his spirit of dedicating himself to the sea and airspace of the motherland educates and inspires me .
zhu rongji congratulated salahuddin on his successful visit to china , believing that his visit to china will further push forward the relations between china and malaysia .
kuan chung points out that taiwan must think about this carefully ; is it in the us ' interest to protect taiwan or to protect itself ?
people , once falling into this trap , will find it difficult to get away , do harm to others and themselves , and seriously disturb social order .
as frontier guards , we should give first consideration to the interests of the state and the people in doing everything as wang wei did .
in short , mori 's actions in office greatly disappointed the japanese people , and the senior ldp figures and the ruling alliance were also quite dissatisfied .
he did not , however , propose a set of effective economic policies , and basically followed the expansionist fiscal policy of his predecessor obuchi .
a strong atmosphere of " stressing principles while speaking , stressing party spirit while working , and being persons who closely follow the party " has taken shape .
studying characteristics and laws in ideological and political education in the new situation is a process to continuously deepening the understanding and practice [ of this opinion ] .
in order to avoid a counteroffensive , it is necessary to give the people 's sentiments and the leaders in the mainland a way out .
on the cross-strait and taiwan issues , it is not proper for the united states to play a leading role . a deeper involvement would only arouse agitation .
bush himself also agreed to exclusive interviews by mainstream media such as abc television and the washington post to talk about his administration and feelings .
bush also warned taiwan that it should not provoke communist china . this point is in the same strain as the clinton administration 's policy .
aa --- chung-kuo shih-pao 26 apr in response to us arms sales result , kmt chair lien says national security should be based on stable cross-strait relations .
then , at guo 's request , wang leyi , through arrangements with the tianjin customs office , bought guo a customs-confiscated car at a low price .
in late 1999 , wang leyi bought a house in dalian , for which he asked the dalian customs office to pay 400,000 yuan on his behalf .
holding the " rally of worldwide overseas chinese and chinese nationals promoting the peaceful reunification of china " in tokyo against this background is of important immediate significance .
zhang qiyue pointed out : lee teng-hui is the overall representative of the " taiwan independence " forces . his visit to japan is itself a political issue .
although certain people in the united states acknowledge the one china principle and understand the importance of china , they are afraid of china growing strong .
proceeding from this strategic idea , they step up their arming of the so-called " unsinkable aircraft carrier " and further play the " taiwan card . "
all along we have advised " falungong " followers who still are besotted by the heretical teachings not to continue having blind faith in li hongzhi 's lies .
whenever this incident was mentioned , zhang zhiqin 's husband would become painfully sorry and hate ruinous li hongzhi and " falungong " even more .
in 1998 , during the second month on the chinese calendar , zhang yanjie came to have a cardiovascular illness , and received treatment at the hospital .
china will also actively adapt itself to the trend of economic globalization and has made great effort to get accession to the world trade organization .
swiss officials have understood the cult nature of " falungong " for a long time and have refused requests from the " falungong " to hold assemblies .
in order to increase their influence , " falungong " has energetically approached the united nations , even if they could not get very close .
after the founding of new china , in many critical junctures , the african countries and people always offered assistance to china without any hesitation .
king mohammed iv expressed warm welcome to chairman li ruihuan 's visit to morocco , and asked li ruihuan to convey his regards to president jiang zemin .
sacrificing taiwan people 's livelihood interests and willingly serving as a chessman in a game of chess played by others is an ugly act of denying national dignity .
different attitudes of the germans and dutch the german government reiterated on 24 april that germany will not participate in any activity for selling arms to taiwan .
it is clear that the move is definitely not a mere coincidence , but a plot deliberately hatched by the united states , japan , and taiwan together .
under these circumstances , it would be difficult for the two organizations to continue dialogues and negotiations within the framework of the " wang-koo talks . "
the united states complains that the chinese people are working too hard , they are producing too many things and exporting too many things to the united states .
nanjing , 27 apr ( xinhua ) -- the national work conference on rectifying work style was concluded today in zhenjiang city , jiangsu province .
lee teng-hui , a longstanding promoter of the separatist line , is the author of the " two-state theory , " and the chief saboteur of cross-strait relations .
lee teng-hui 's stay in japan also satisfied the anti-china and anticommunist needs of japan 's rightwing forces and " taiwan independence " advocates living in japan .
over the past 45 years , thanks to the efforts made by the leaders of the two countries , sino-syrian relations have been progressing in a healthy manner .
thus , the premise for his claim that he wanted mainland leaders to visit taiwan and that he wanted to visit the mainland does not exist .
the taiwan authorities are trying to " rely on arms to resist reunification , " but the chinese government has constancy of purpose in achieving reunification .
neither splittist forces for " taiwan independence " nor foreign forces could stop the chinese people from completing their great cause of reunifying their motherland .
no matter who he is , anyone who tries to intervene in china 's internal affairs and encroach upon china 's sovereignty has to pay his own price .
because lee teng-hui dished out his " two-state theory " in 1999 , president wang daohan was forced to cancel his scheduled trip to taiwan .
the new leader of the taiwan authorities has failed to recognize the one-china principle ever since he assumed office , making it difficult for arats-sef talks to resume .
over more than 40 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations , the two countries achieved great results in their friendly cooperation in all fields .
last may , he openly advocated the " historical viewpoints of the japanese empire , " and that , in fact , truly reflected his inner world .
star-graded guesthouses and hotels , malls with 5,000-over square-meter floor space , and business centers in office buildings are not bound by the above stipulation .
each of these plans , after being signed by a chief government leader , shall be submitted to the next higher government for the record .
the law has 38 articles in six chapters , laying down regulations on national defense education in schools and society and on backup for this education .
leading comrades from the state council said that at stake in educational development and reform in minority areas is the prosperity and development of those areas .
the meeting approved the two reports in principle and decided to convene a national basic education working conference and a national minority-area education working conference .
financial services are one of the people 's bank 's three major functions . they are of equal importance with monetary policy and financial supervision and control .
journalists learned that at present , the adjustment plan for the establishment of the china modernized payment system is already complete and is now being implemented .
otherwise , not only will the " worst time " of his own making not pass but will also trigger off one crisis after another .
jiang zemin pointed out : our country has moved into a new development stage of building a better-off society across the board and accelerating the socialist modernization drive .
we are carrying out socialist reform , opening-up , and modernization drive . this is the only option for making our country powerful and making our people rich .
all sorts of small coal mines that are engaged in illegal production or do not come up to the basic safety requirements must be closed down resolutely .
application for the nullification of marriage filed by the party being forced shall be handed in within one year starting the day when the marriage is registered .
an agreement established between husband and wife concerning property acquired during the existence of their marriage relationship as well as premarital property have binding force on both parties .
article 30 . children shall respect the right of marriage of their parents , and must not intervene in the remarriage or the remarried life of their parents .
article 7 . the state working body for national defense education shall plan , organize , guide , and coordinate the work on national defense education nationwide .
administrative departments for education , cyl organizations , and other departments concerned shall strengthen guidance for , and management of , junior military academy activities .
state organs shall conduct national defense education , in a variety of forms , for their staff in view of the nature and characteristics of their work .
article 7 . the creation of a trust shall have ascertainable trust property , and the property must be the trustor 's legally owned property .
the property gained by virtue of the trustee 's management , utilization , disposal of the trust property or other conditions shall also belong to the trust property .
property that is banned for circulation by other laws and administrative rules is allowed to be formed into a trust with the approval of relevant competent departments .
jin liqun made the above appeal when speaking at the 65th ministerial meeting of the intergovernmental group of twenty-four ( g-24 ) made up by developing countries .
however , he emphasized that it is necessary to stress a country 's autonomy in terms of formulation and implementation of strategic reports on reducing poverty .
taxpayers must also conscientiously study the law , foster the sense of paying taxes according to the law , and willingly fulfill their obligations to pay taxes .
as for small and medium-sized enterprises with market vitality and broad prospects for development , relevant state departments should vigorously support their development through preferential policies .
in the market of our country , the basic causes for restricting the expansion of demand are an irrational economic structure and the insufficiency of effective supply .
comrade mao zedong said : " we should write songs about wen yiduo and zhu ziqing , since they displayed the heroic spirit of our nation . "
all young people with lofty aspirations should take this path , and only thus can they make great accomplishments for the motherland and the people .
( the full text of the speech will be dispatched separately ) jiang zemin 's speech won warm applause in the full house over a long time .
generation after generation of qinghua graduates with both moral integrity and intelligence made major contributions to national independence , social progress , and scientific and technological development .
the volume of two-way trade exceeded $ 8 billion last year , up 40 percent from the year before , showing a strong momentum of growth .
on the same day , tang jiaxuan also held a news conference in moscow , and fielded questions from reporters of russia , china , and other countries .
li ruogu issued that call here in his speech at the spring meeting of the international monetary and financial committee , a decision-making body of the imf .
ji pengfei upheld the principle of the integration of a high sense of principle with a high degree of flexibility in the handling of the sino-british negotiations .
our representatives presented the revised text of the agreement to the british side . after negotiations , the british side basically accepted the amended version .
he also wrote the chinese characters on the signboard of the newly-established " hong kong joint stock exchange " at the request of hong kong people concerned .
the division sent special persons to consult with local military units to bring the communication systems of its 10-odd remote units into nearby program-controlled military lines .
yoshiro mori in a speech said : " relationship between japan and india can be clearly seen on a map , which is quite important strategically .
one of the contents of the new us strategy is to use asian countries ( especially the cooperation between japan and india ) to contain china .
thousands upon thousands of labor models and advanced workers have sprung up in every historical period of china 's revolution , construction , and reforms .
responsibility for promoting production safety is extremely heavy , and it is essential to fully understand the importance of production safety from the political plane .
counter-rescue operations emphasize swift response at the " earliest time possible " to achieve the goal of counteracting speed with speed , and facilitating counter-rescue operations with speed .
to some extent , this is one reason why there has not been any war comparable to the two world wars over the past 50 years or so .
the purpose of these measures is to attain the ultimate goal of strategic guidance -- that is , to " become a force that conquers without fighting . "
with the all-round coordination of us diplomatic , economic and trade , cultural , educational , and media circles , an all-round act was launched .
how far will the us hegemonist anti-china strategy go the first 10 years , concluded by the bombing of the chinese embassy in yugoslavia , are over .
" i have not eaten anything today . it doesn 't matter to go hungry for one day . but i cannot go hungry all my life . "
he said : turkey and china are both countries with ancient civilization , and friendly exchanges between the two peoples began long time ago in history .
the turkish government adheres to the one china principle , and always acknowledge that the prc government is the sole legal government represent china as a whole .
lai changxing once planned to harm mao xinsheng mao xinsheng revealed that in the early period of handling the case , criminal elements had threatened to exterminate him .
washington , 29 apr -- bush completes 100 days in office on 30 april after taking up duty in the white house oval office on 22 january .
when bush joined the election race , therefore , the tobacco manufacturers gave him a big injection and consequently truly left a mark on him .
his proposal that the american drinking water standard should be reassessed immediately attracted severe criticism , and people accused bush of trying to poison children with arsenic .
needless to say , he admitted , china should do something with regard to opening the market , especially further opening up the service trade market .
journalists believe , however , that bush 's performance since taking office is related in a certain degree to the bumpy ride of his election .
since macao 's reversion to china , macao 's political , economic , and social development has been healthy and macao has become a bridge linking portuguese-chinese friendship .
communist china 's bottom line is " one china . " without this bottom line , all the talks regarding cross-strait affairs will be empty ones .
if we still believe that there is " no change " in us policy , then we may make a big mistake and suffer great losses .
in hangzhou , hu jintao toured the tianshui neighborhood service center , the caihe subdivision , and the huban garden residential subdivision to get some firsthand information .
the ecosoc elects members to the human rights commission based on geographic distribution . the commission currently has 53 members , each serving a term of three years .
britain , the closest ally of the united states , also issued a statement later , saying it does not support the new us missile defense plan .
military exchanges between china and the united states started after the establishment of their diplomatic relations and have now gone on for more than 20 years .
hu jintao expressed his warm welcome to the young leaders from hong kong to visit the motherland on the occasion of the may 4th youth day .
so long as we look at the issues from the angle of others , it is easy to remove misunderstanding , and deepen and eventually reach an understanding .
in france le figaro pointed out that the us modernization of star wars will increase tension between the united states and russia and other countries .
confrontation is not a correct way to promote the cause of human rights . dialogue is the best way to promote the cause of human rights . "
the recession in the real estate market was the extension of taiwan 's bubble economy and will further deteriorate along with the worsening of the overall economic situation .
besides formulating laws and regulations on protecting cultural relics , the central government also invested several hundred million yuan for repairing monasteries and temples in tibet .
however , the us president , who was called a texas cowboy by canadian newspapers during the midair collision incident , actually had his own idea .
at this year 's guangdong trade show , technological content was high , transactions for recognizable name brand products and new brands were generally good .
the 21st century , as a century full of hopes and challenges , imposes higher requirements [ than the previous century did ] on people .
then , why has britain 's labor administration become hesitant and adopted an ambiguous attitude in the face of the bush administration 's nmd plan ?
therefore , except for the leaders of the non-ruling conservative party , not many people in britain have showed clear support for the us nmd plan .
the report said : shift in the us military strategy will involve all arms of the services , of which the army will be affected the most .
while international security is still not ensured , the general environment needed for all countries to develop their economies and promoting cultural development will be completely gone .
for instance , the production cost of a russian-made destroyer is about $ 200 million , but in india it is only $ 152 million .
he has stressed in many public speeches that india will seek to establish friendly , cooperative , good neighborly , and mutually beneficial relations with china .
an abc [ american broadcasting company ] report said : the reconnaissance flight should be regarded as part of the bush administration 's hard-line policy towards china .
we will crack down on counterfeiting of various bills , accounting documents , and account books ; providing false financial and accounting statements ; and other illegal activities .
improve ideological and moral education ; establish and improve a social credit system ( 17 ) combining the rule of law with the rule of morality .
sun yuxi replied : china 's stand against us reconnaissance flights off china 's coast are consistent and clear [ yi guan de ming que de ] .
following 50 years of massive buildup , china 's car industry has scored remarkable achievements , trained a large talent pool , and built up the market .
china must have its own backbone industries . as the car sector is a pillar in china 's economy , we cannot give it up easily .
the us army believes : " high-quality military talent are the most important decisive factors in ensuring the military power of the united states . "
this is the fundamental basis of promoting this educational campaign and the key to differentiate between this campaign and ordinary campaigns that educate party members .
in recent days the media in various countries have published editorials and articles and conducted interviews with leading politicians refuting the us development of nmd .
he expressed the hope that entrepreneurs from various other countries would seize opportunities , increase investments in china , and strengthen economic and technological cooperation with china .
we believe that the strengthening of bilateral cooperation is the common aspiration of the two peoples and is in the fundamental interests of both sides , he added .
li peng noted that china 's npc and the national assembly of hungary both play an important role in the political and social life of their respective countries .
many hong kong figures present at the function told the reporters that president jiang zemin 's speech was really excellent , being full of self-confidence and foresight .
the new bush government has relaxed its policy toward russia out of its national interests , but not due to bush 's change of attitude .
based on this , we should unite with the overwhelming majority of people that can be united . only thus can we turn this cause into a success .
rumsfeld has not denied that the united states will deploy weapons in space , nor has he denied that the scale of an anti-satellite program will be increased .
permanent measures and management methods aiming at universal and tendentious problems concerning the joint action to crack down on fake goods should be studied and formulated .
when people cannot get sufficient food and clothing , farm products center mainly on grain , cotton , and oil-bearing crops with a long degree of demand elasticity .
the adjustment of the farm produce structure should be made mainly in the following two aspects : first , the structural variety ; second , the structural quality .
" asian model " still exists the countries and regions of east asia have created a miracle of sustained economic growth that has lasted nearly 40 years .
sun yuxi said at today 's news conference held by the foreign ministry : china resolutely opposes the development of the us nmd and tmd systems .
we can say that the party 's leadership core of the three generations charted a clear course on national defense education with such important thinking .
participating in the current meeting were representatives of the 40 member states of the committee as well as representatives of the 100-odd non-member states and international organizations .
deliberately discussing contacts , claiming that exchanges should be restricted china-us relations are one of the most important bilateral relations in the foreign relations of the two countries .
since i took the post of defense secretary , i have canceled a series of contacts , and now i am reconsidering all relevant contacts . "
the hidden " implication " and " murderous intention " here cannot but arouse strong indignation and vigilance on the part of the chinese government and its people .
the main task of this commission is to suggest that the defense department readjust the entire space control structure and put more resources into space defense .
maintaining world peace and stability and making the 21st century a flourishing era and an era of prosperity is the common wish of all people of the world .
later , the two officials got 130,000 yuan by selling the 5,000 shares through the black market in chengdu . they returned the money to the jinding company .
the sichuan economic restructuring commission approved the jinding company 's application for listing its shares and the company 's stock was listed at the shanghai stock exchange .
this has played an important role in stimulating the nation 's foreign trade and export and in helping the national economy maintain rapid , healthy development .
in the last year , this criminal trend has become increasingly severe in some areas , seriously interfering with the nation 's normal economic order .
the current inspection of law enforcement will be conducive to further standardizing the securities market order and playing the promoting role of the securities market in economic development .
by then the temperature in shakarparian hills park had reached as high as more than 40 degrees centigrade and drops of sweat oozed from premier zhu 's cheeks .
a chinese corporation has taken part in the construction of programmed telephone switchboard in pakistan , including the transfer of technologies , and training technical personnel .
pakistani leaders have also visited china on many occasions and extolled pakistani-chinese friendship as one higher than the himalayas and deeper than the arabian sea .
in recent years , countries in this region have committed themselves to economic reform , restructuring and national revitalization and have made new headway in these aspects .
in the 1950s , the statesmen of china and other south asian and asian countries jointly initiated the universally recognized five principles of peaceful coexistence .
in the eyes of this regiment commander liu guosheng , a special-grade pilot , the process of studying new combat methods was also full of challenges .
the new-type aircraft is me , and i am the new-type aircraft , " said this air force colonel who had piloted several kinds of aircraft .
he and his party arrived in shanghai from beijing on 12 may and were met and feted by shanghai vice mayor zhou muyao at the international convention center .
during their stay in shanghai they toured the city and yiyuan shopping mall , and visited the shanghai urban planning office and the fudan university .
this opening remark of zhu rongji at the rally hosted by the citizens of lahore in the shalimar garden this evening gained a burst of warm applause .
being pakistan 's cultural center , lahore is a well-known historical city built in the eighth century and known as a " garden city . "
in fact , the whole story is not at all difficult to understand ; it is only difficult for uncle sam himself to understand what suddenly took place .
analysts believe that there is nothing strange about the warming of indian-us relations in the current delicate moment in the international political and security situation .
nevertheless , proud members of the certain aviation regiment were acting out scene after scene of a fearsome and magnificent air battle in the sky .
on 9 may , michael steiner , foreign policy adviser to chancellor gerhard schroeder , led a german delegation in an exchange of views with the americans .
some people held that this was a gesture the united states deliberately posted for beijing after washington ran into a rebuff when dealing with china .
a few years ago , the dalai again unilaterally suspended his contact with the central government , thus closing the door to contact and discussion .
during the 10th five-year plan period , china is in need of huge financial support for achieving breakthroughs in the sphere of manned space flight .
along the road from the airport to the hotel , enthusiastic nepalese people waved chinese and nepalese national flags to express their welcome to premier zhu rongji .
he said : china and nepal are close neighbors linked by common mountains and rivers and friendly exchanges between the two peoples date back to ancient times .
zhu rongji flew to kathmandu from lahore , the second biggest city of pakistan , after winding up his visit to pakistan with complete success .
the president 's father elder bush also has close relations with [ calair ] group . the huge private investment foundation possessed several major weapon-making companies .
vice president khaddam arrived in beijing yesterday afternoon by a special plane at the invitation of vice president hu jintao to begin his formal visit to china .
nepal deeply admires china 's achievements in making high-speed economic development , and believes that china 's development will certainly bring benefits to asia as a whole .
this has greatly increased the possibility of letting our country be used as a " taiwan card " and become the focal point of conflict .
on behalf of the chinese government and people , and in my own name , i express my warm congratulations on the convening of this meeting !
syria believes that a comprehensive and just peace in the middle east can only be achieved on the basis of relevant un resolutions on the middle east issue .
present at the meeting were npc standing committee vice chairman jiang zhenghua , vice foreign minister yang wenchang , and chinese ambassador to syria shi yanchun .
shanghai , 15 may ( xinhua ) -- the third-phase project of the shanghai baoshan steel company today passed an evaluation and was accepted as having been completed .
at the meeting , jiang zemin spoke highly of the efforts and achievements made by various governments in the region in the field of children 's development .
the meeting discussed the current world situation , the political and economic situations in the east asia and pacific regions in the 21st century , and other issues .
in the partial wars fought since the 1980 's , confrontation between air attack and defense has become confrontation between two generations of combat pattern .
in order to ensure airspace security , it is essential to strengthen the concept of " aerial national territory " and continually perfect the national air defense structure .
in terms of developing the medium-sized and small civilian-run enterprises , this evolution in the pattern will continue to make solving the employment problem much more difficult .
as the economic scope expands , the establishment of a modern enterprise system is also pressing forward , and enterprises are becoming increasingly more standardized .
one particularly noteworthy issue in the establishment of a modern enterprise system in the civilian-run economy is how to treat or deal with the family-run enterprises .
pb --- prc public security border guards report good results in ongoing " strike-hard " campaign. cites some related details , figures . ( suggest t ) .
student representatives zhao renjia , yue peimin , tai aiguo , lu xiangfang , wang zhixin , and yao xinzhang spoke at the discussion one after another .
zhu rongji believed that this visit would bring about further development of china-maldives relations and elevate them onto a higher level in the new century .
present at today 's discussion meeting were also responsible comrades of the sponsoring units of the national joint meeting on cadre education and of relevant departments .
dissanayaka said that the sri lankan freedom party has always placed great importance since its establishment in 1951 on development of relations with the communist party of china .
the maldives attaches great importance to the development relations with china , adheres to the one china policy , and supports china 's cause of peaceful reunification .
after the talks , the two leaders attended the signing ceremony of the " economic and technological cooperation agreement between the chinese government and the maldivian government . "
president jiang cheerfully recalled his visit to austria two years ago , saying he is very happy to meet the austrian guests again in beijing today .
exports to japan , hong kong and the mainland , and asean fell by 1.2 percent , 0.8 percent , and 1.6 percent , respectively . )
some people claim that enemies of the united states secretly plotted to throw out the united states , but various us media do not believe this .
taiwan 's military authorities claimed that the " mirage " aircraft are one of the mainstay aircraft of the taiwan air force 's for air operations .
a reporter asked : reports say that the us government will appoint a coordinator on the tibet issue . what are the chinese side 's comments on this ?
chen shui-bian , who mocks at " life for being like a drama , " is now trying to ridicule public opinion and deceive the world people .
some us diplomats maintain : strengthening military cooperation is the first step to the formation of a strategic alliance between the united states and india .
in his meeting with japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi on 8 may , armitage tried his utmost to encourage japan to support the us missile defense program .
to make full use of the " pawn " of japan against china , the united states privately advocated that japan revise the peace constitution .
the " fond dream " to contain china is hard to realize these assumptions of the us military have caused concern and uneasiness among southeast asian nations .
in the end , the us sales team had to return home laden with other nations ' opposing views or questions about the us missile deployment plan .
world telecommunications day was observed on 17 may . this year 's theme for world telecommunications day is " internet -- opportunities , challenges , and prospects . "
zhao meizhuang said : the chinese government is expediting the process of enacting telecommunications law . the law covers the internet , with special emphasis on network security .
i will also make extensive contacts with personalities of various circles of your country to enhance mutual understanding , promote friendship , expand consensus and develop cooperation .
early last year , the general secretary set forth the important thinking on " three represents , " which pointed out a clear orientation for our work .
in addition , he is willing to carry out a direct dialogue with mr. jiang zemin during the asia pacific economic cooperation summit to be held in shanghai .
in reality , during the previous month on the mainland ( 18 february ) , the taiwan stock market achieved a record high of 10,393 points .
the mood of the people also shows that 75 percent of those who have work now are still concerned that they will lose their jobs .
today , we have entered the 21st century . the time for realizing the peaceful reunification of the motherland has come , and the opportune moment has come .
wallstrom stressed that it was necessary to let the united states see the gravity of this issue and to make the united states honor its promises .
in the same group of the human rights commission election with the united states , france won 52 votes and was elected into the commission .
the comments by some members of the japanese government complied with this impulsive wave of nationalism and were meant to win some " popular support . "
china and thailand are both developing countries in close geographical proximity to each other , and with similar culture and identical aspirations to seek peace and promote development .
second , the crucial economic indicators have been changed from the government 's action targets to producers ' action targets and then to consumers ' action targets .
china is pursuing the five principles of peaceful coexistence , and these serve as a basis for china to develop its relations with all countries , including cambodia .
your excellency stressed that the cambodia issue could only be resolved by the cambodian people themselves ; foreign countries could not replace but could only assist .
last year , president jiang zemin paid a historic state visit to cambodia , carrying the two countries ' relations to a new development stage . "
i have just concluded a successful visit to your country at the invitation of your excellency , which has furthered deepened our traditional friendship and promoted future cooperation .
the " hawks " hold that the taiwan issue , besides national factor , involves the overall national security and mainland 's strategy of maritime development .
industries and tourism can be incrementally developed and mutually promoted , so that the economy in west china will take on a completely new look in 10 years .
on the other hand , we will also have to cautiously handle our relations with other friendly countries from the angle of real diplomatic strength and national interests .
at a time when the politics and economy of taiwan are extremely unstable , lee teng-hui is again further undermining the humanistic attainments of this society .
chung-kuo shih-pao 19 may chair of economic planning and development council chen po-chi says two sides across strait had benign interactions in recent apec meeting in beijing .
us chairman of the joint chiefs of staff henry shelton recently also indicated that he would visit india for the purpose of enhancing military exchanges with india .
the world 's first internet bar opened in london in 1994 . it rapidly gained popularity in the developed world and became an up-and-coming industry .
in small and mid-sized cities , according to surveys , over 80 percent of young web surfers are introduced to the internet through the internet bar .
the professor could not help in asking : " during the future three-quarters of their tenure , what kind of future will taiwan authorities promise taiwan people ? "
the surface vessel command manages all surface ships with the exception of the aircraft carriers ( including amphibious ships ) . the submarine command manages all submarines .
besides , internationally the taiwan authorities have resorted to every means to pursue the so-called elastic pragmatic diplomacy in a bid for success in this diplomacy .
international public opinion has noticed the favorable prospects of economic development on the mainland of the motherland , believing that the rise of china cannot be stopped .
li peng said : china and brunei are only separated by the sea , and the friendly exchanges between the two peoples date back to ancient times .
when asked whether the us would lose face if that aircraft has to be shipped back in crates , cheney replied , " no . "
today , even the sichuan-tibet highway , which is the most dangerous and most prone to landslides and mud avalanche , is mostly asphalt covered .
at the time two thirds of lhasa 's beggars were concentrated in balangjie street . those who " settled down " here alone accounted for more than 1,000 .
in the old tibet , however , instead of bringing happiness to the tibetan people , this granary only fattened a few big feudal lords .
the government will adopt a " controlled " open policy and also hope that the mainland side will filter those who plan to come to taiwan for sightseeing .
nevertheless , it is still too early to assert that the united states has adopted a new cold war strategy and a military confrontation strategy targeting china .
with the in-depth development of the revolution in military affairs around the world , joint combat has now undoubtedly become the basic mode of combat in modern war .
during the 4th middle east war , the highly-effective technical support of the israeli forces played a major role in ultimately turning defeat into victory .
taking development as the main theme is the guiding idea proposed by the fifth plenary session of the 15th cpc central committee for drawing up the 10th fyp .
the pressure of the developed countries ' economic and scientific and technological superiority and the pressure from hegemonism and power politics will exist for a long time .
this makes it necessary for us to cast off the shackles of outdated concepts and practices and strive to explore new ways or methods of implementation .
they supported and guided enterprises in making additional introductions in technological transformation , and sped up development in the technological transformation of traditional industries and high-tech industries .
the supreme people 's procuratorate held : the first phase of the " strike-hard " rectification struggle have gained impetus , intimidated criminals , and inspired the masses .
at the meeting , wei jianxing also briefed the guests about the conditions of the cpc 's self-improvement and the thinking on " three represents . "
after returning to qamdo , jimzhong gyaincain puncog accompanied ngapoi ngawang jigme to beijing to hold negotiations with the central government 's plenipotentiaries , including li weihan .
we pointed out that since tibet is a part of china , the demand for not stationing pla troops in tibet was not appropriate . "
on the second after the signing of the agreement , mao zedong hosted a banquet in qinzheng palace for representatives to the talks and the 10th bainqen .
since the introduction of reform and opening up , the central government has held three tibet work meetings , each injecting tremendous vitality into tibet .
" sliding down further and further , man will face destruction , total destruction . this is called the total destruction of the body and the spirit .
on-the-spot report of tibet military district 's action to uphold principle of party 's absolute leadership over army ( 3,000 chrts , p 1 , text ) .
the various departments concerned have not studied in depth the countermeasures , laws , and regulations that they should work out after china 's wto entry .
hu angang : there is a great deal of incomplete information , a lack of symmetry and transparency , and even distortion in our markets .
in the early days of peaceful liberation , for instance , pla forces and some technical personnel stationed in tibet already threw themselves into the development of tibet .
in the last 50 years or so after the end of world war ii , there were two events that had a far-reaching impact on the world pattern .
nevertheless , activities to sell the idea have gained very few results . even the western allies of the united states oppose the nmd program or have reservations .
some us senior officials also expressed that the unites states would totally repeal sanctions against india due to india 's nuclear test three years ago .
a country that plays international cards will certainly hurt the interests of a third country and may draw fire upon itself . playing cards will have a price .
in december 1998 , the dprk held a political dialogue with the european union that laid down the foundation for the two sides to develop comprehensive relations .
dalai is visiting washington from the 22nd through the 24th and will deliver a speech at the commencement of the higher international studies institute of john hopkins university .
2 ) only by always upholding the leadership of the communist party of china and unswervingly taking the road of socialism can tibet have a bright future .
practice since establishment of diplomatic relations between our two countries shows that developing sino-rok relations is in line with popular wishes and has broad prospects .
your excellency speaker lee and many rok parliamentarians have visited china in the last few years , making contributions to deepening mutual understanding between our two parliaments .
he said : we believe that korea , with experience in overcoming the financial crisis , will be able to revive its economy as quickly as possible .
tanaka stressed that the new japanese cabinet would strictly abide by the japan-china joint statement in dealing with current issues in the relations between the two countries .
on the future development of asem , jiang zemin said that asem should become a typical example of intercontinental cooperation on a basis of equality .
the third asia-europe foreign ministers ' meeting is an important high-level dialogue at the beginning of the new century , which has attracted world attention .
the birth of asem has signaled a strategic choice made by asia and europe in order to enhance bilateral exchanges and cooperation in the new international situation .
asia and europe have both had a long history and a brilliant culture , and have also produced quite a few well-known thinkers , artists , and scientists .
the palestinian-israeli conflict has lasted eight months . the hatred between the two sides is rising day by day , and mutual trust has been totally destroyed .
almost all the experts well-versed with china issues disagree with bush jr . ' s new policies . however obviously they are unable to do anything at all .
during the visit to china in 1998 , your excellency and president jiang zemin jointly declared the establishment of a cooperative partnership oriented toward the 21st century .
the interests of different parties overlap , and these problems can only be resolved through the consultation and joint efforts of all nations and continents , he said .
only in this way will our party be able to win the wholehearted support of the masses and continually consolidate its position as the ruling party .
report on jiang zemin 's attending closing central poverty eradication work conference at which jiang speaks on great achievements in poverty eradication work ( both parts attached ) .
jiang zemin said : through efforts to help the poor , we have accumulated important experiences in helping people alleviate poverty and advance toward prosperity .
party committees and governments at various levels in the eastern regions should also attach importance to the work and effectively put the work in an importance place .
people in the old revolutionary bases made great contributions to the cause of the party and people during the war years and made great sacrifices .
at the conclusion of the conference , premier zhu rongji spoke on implementing general secretary jiang zemin 's speech and the spirit of the conference .
the large numbers of cadres and people in the poverty-stricken areas , with unprecedented courage and enthusiasm , went all out unceasingly to achieve success .
over a period of nearly two years , the research project produced its result , a book entitled " a survey of china 's agricultural practice . "
first , the bush administration felt compelled to accord attention to the middle east question again because the united states has important strategic interests in the middle east .
touching on the situation on the korean peninsula , chairman li peng reiterated china 's stand and views on the situation of the korean peninsula .
the foreign ministers of the three countries spoke highly of the achievements scored by the current meeting and extended their congratulations to china for successfully holding the meeting .
raidi said : the reason why economic development and social progress have been so rapid in the last few years is because stability has been maintained in tibet .
china is happy about achievements made by the north and the south in improving their relations , and hopes for the preservation and development of this process .
national assembly speaker lee man-sup said : the rok and china have common points to share in history and culture and are complementary in their economic development .
the missile defense system consists mainly of a group army that has jurisdiction over a number of ballistic missile launch bases and has 100 missile launchers .
as before , china will actively support all efforts made by both the south and the north to improve relations and achieve peaceful reunification on their own initiative .
the reporter asked : will you please tell me about the progress in the negotiations between china and the united states on returning the us ep-3 reconnaissance plane ?
the communist china official criticized taiwan leaders and said that the real attitude of taiwan leaders is their unwillingness to talk about " one china . "
a negative side to bush 's tax relief plan lies in the fact that it might turn the us federal government budget surplus into a deficit .
since the quelling of the rebellion and the completion of the democratic reform , the dalai clique in exile has not ceased their separatist activities .
a us department of defense official said that the united states now uses rc-135 planes to resume surveillance flights along the coastal seas south of china .
we are marxists , and must never give up the basic principles of marxism . if we give up the fundamentals , we will lose our bearings .
the supervision is mainly carried out over the decision on mitigating sentences , releasing convicts on parole , and other changes in the forms of punishments .
he spent most of the ill-gotten money on the repayment of personal debts and on conspicuous consumption after paying interest on the discounted notes and rewards to go-betweens .
for this reason , your toil and achievements are often new to people 's knowledge . how do you look at gain and loss , fame and fortune ?
to realize peace and cooperation , it is necessary to follow the international norms of settling international disputes and differences between countries by peaceful means .
as the taiwan authorities ' instrument in their vain attempt to " resist reunification by force , " what have the taiwan armed forces been doing ?
the key to satisfactorily carrying out the resettlement this year lies to satisfactorily carrying out and implementing the " interim procedures on resettling demobilized military cadres . "
a reporter asked whether the mainland is pinning its hopes on the people of taiwan and whether it has given up hope on the taiwan authorities .
everybody knows that those were " heavy words " that us presidents of successive terms had not made since the establishment of sino-us diplomatic relations .
in the end , chiang kai-shek himself was also expelled by the chinese people to the island of taiwan , a small province in southeastern china .
during the second world war , the us administration and the us people worked hand in hand with the chinese government and people to jointly resisted international fascists .
one of them indicated the intention to " shed shell , " while the other indicated the intention to use force to protect " shell shedding . "
to these comrades , problems that can be found everywhere are not problems at all . they believe they do not have to report these problems to leaders .
overall , the domestic situation is good , and a good situation prevails in maintaining economic development , political stability , social progress , and national unity .
zhu bangzao said , the " shanghai five " is a new cooperation mechanism that has appeared on the eurasian continent since the end of the cold war .
the rise and fall of the forces of the aforementioned interest groups determine , to a very large extent , the basic orientation of the us china policy .
by russian-based staff reporter sun yongjun : kirghizstan president speaks on historical opportunity facing ' shanghai five ' during written interview given to renmin ribao .
sources point out that about 100,000 pla personnel will take part in the exercise , all of whom are crack units which have undergone toughening training .
this is the first time that the nanjing and guangzhou theaters plus the east and south sea fleets have been brought together for an exercise directed at taiwan .
cracking down on cults is not only the urgent task of the countries being endangered but has also become the common responsibility of the international community .
the real ambitious purpose of cult leaders is satisfying their sinister desire for power or even their vain attempt to become the governor of the entire world .
under these circumstances , if someone asks people who are in this state of mind to do something , they will do as they are told .
in 1999 , he concocted the so-called " taiwan security enhancement act " and prompted the us house of representatives to pass the act last year .
at the diet session held on 9 may , newly appointed japanese prime minister koizumi said he would pay homage to yasukuni shrine in his personal capacity .
yasukuni shrine is located at kudan , chiyoda ward in tokyo , where japanese soldiers who have given their lives in wars since meiji are venerated .
he stressed : the three gorges project is a grand key water control project that has drawn worldwide attention , and quality is the life of the project .
it has been learned from the ministry of labor and social security that the current campaign of assisting laid-off workers to find another job will be launched nationwide .
wang zhaoguo continued : in these years , jilin has done a lot of work and achieved remarkable success in dealing with ethnic and religious issues .
in the long term revolutionary struggle , the old generation proletariat class of revolutionaries and the countless brave cultivated the jinggangshan spirit with blood and lives .
an overwhelming majority of the chinese around the world are against separatism and wish the motherland to be completely reunified . did chen shui-bian see it ?
hence , whether or not there will be war between the two sides of the strait is not something that chen shui-bian said would count .
chen shui-bian 's misjudgment of the prospects of cross-strait relations and his longing for changes in us policy toward china are doomed to fall through .
you know how to safeguard your own freedom and rights and , more importantly , how to respect and safeguard other people 's freedom and rights .
the customs administration has staged an in-house " public presentation " of relevant personnel information . barring other special reasons , sun is expected to take office shortly .
beijing , 4 jun ( xinhua ) -- foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao answered a reporter 's question on the unfortunate death of the nepalese king and queen .
he said : being an important component part of bilateral relations between china and malta , relations between the two armed forces have also made corresponding development .
with the purpose of " opposing independence and hegemony and striving for development , " this exercise has been resolutely and unanimously supported by fujian 's people .
only if there is a majority after an alliance would the kmt and the pfp , or the kmt and the new party , form an alliance .
this means that the dpp government under chen shui-bian always holds the initiative in its fist , and always keeps this operational power in its own hand .
in this way , he can spring forth from the bosom of inter-party struggle in taiwan , and become a new authoritative leader of some modicum of action .
the principle is very clear . the operation of society and politics on taiwan absolutely does not permit turning away from the mainland china factor .
does the government play the part of " heresy referee " and can it handle the complex question of " who is legitimate in religion " ?
" if the marriage law had been amended several years earlier , i would have fought to gain my due rights , " she said .
if only developed countries have electronic commerce while developing countries do not , there will be no way of engaging in trade through electronic commerce .
economic and trade cooperation between vietnam and china still has huge potentials for further development . vietnam hopes to further strengthen bilateral economic and trade relations .
at present china has the conditions for speeding up urbanization , and the next step is the question of how to speed up and develop this process .
these attributes have to do with many years ' historical factors , and therefore although they may be advanced , they are not typical or universal .
huang guoxiong : indeed there are some issues that require the immediate attention of those in economic circles , and shandong 's enterprises indeed are unique .
clearly the government should create all the necessary conditions to facilitate enterprises , so that through learning , the enterprises can develop and review innovative experiences .
huang guoxiong : on this issue , i want to make five points : one , there is no weak market , only weak enterprises .
it is popular worldwide , but it only has a 41 percent market share ; the remaining 59 percent makes up a potential market for others .
that joint operations are much favored and gained rapid development toward the end of last century is , on the one hand , a result of technological catalysis .
5 ) the cases of market segmentation and discrimination against commodity suppliers have frequently emerged in the government procurement activities of the central and local departments .
equipped with two separate early warning systems , the us strategic early warning system could distinguish an early-warning strategic bomber or a cruise missile from a ballistic missile .
in all parts of the world , very few countries , if any , expressed such enthusiastic support for us president bush 's missile defense plan .
moreover , to curry favor with india , the united states had no qualm to break the strategic balance in south asia and sacrifice its relations with pakistan .
at a tv interview , us secretary of defense donald rumsfeld particularly mentioned the " valuable support " from india for the missile defense plan .
ground water quality in most regions has been stabilized and slightly improved . however , in some regions and cities , pollution of ground water has worsened .
as of the end of last year , there were 1,227 nature protection zones , covering 9.58 percent of the total territorial land in china .
the spokesman said china 's stand on this issue is the same as its opposition to the us " national missile defense " [ nmd ] plan .
luo gan pointed out that the inspection work should be focused on the following : first , the progress of the " strike hard " struggle .
bell reaffirmed that the colombian government adheres to the one-china policy , and supports the chinese people 's sacred undertaking of the motherland 's reunification .
2 ) the navy , the air force , and the second artillery corps will impose a blockade through multilevel mine-laying at sea to obstruct foreign military intervention .
the profoundness of the study determines the level of this educational campaign and the quality of the study determines the effectiveness of this educational campaign .
although russia 's comprehensive power has declined somewhat over the past 10 years , russia is still a giant when it comes to military power .
yao renan announced this decision at a mobilization meeting of the public security organs in the city to strictly enforce discipline and rectifying the rank and file .
he candidly stated that because the united states is in a period of economic slowdown , pressure to resort to trade protectionism does indeed exist .
sources revealed that , in fact , the micro-adjustment and control departments of the chinese government are currently researching and formulating new measures of expanding domestic demand .
moreover , in the last century , the qing court sometimes acted as the guarantor in treaties signed by european hegemonic powers on the tibetan question .
in 1907 , imperial britain and russia signed a treaty in st petersburg and agreed that they should discuss with the chinese government on matters regarding tibet .
however , this is probably only because china incorporated anduo , which used to be part of tibet , into qinghai province in the 18th century .
however , no matter how correct this saying is , the primary means of seizure should still be subject to examination by judicial proceedings and rationality .
in april , bush 's job approval rating was as high as 63 percent . part of the support he won came from the sino-us aircraft collision incident .
he fully affirmed the achievements made by the people of various nationalities under the leadership of the ningxia hui autonomous regional cpc committee and the regional government .
moore told shi guangsheng : he hoped that china would enter the wto before november when the fourth wto ministerial meeting is due to be held .
jiang zemin said since the establishment of china-colombia diplomatic relations , especially in the past few years , the friendly relations between the two countries have developed steadily .
as we all know , the normal and smooth development of cross-strait exchanges and cooperation needs a general environment of the steady development of cross-strait relations .
it is necessary to persist in running the current special training course in administering by law , and governors and ministers should also take the course .
meanwhile , the 21 economic delegations attending the meeting will hold a joint news briefing to air their views on the results of the meeting .
in the current strike-hard struggle , the public security organs of hainan have arrested 631 criminal suspects at large and cracked 1,197 criminal cases of various kinds .
it was in early june , as well , that a number of taiwan compatriots in kaohsiung came directly to xiamen , which was close to dongshan island .
they say that the falungong members are assisted by the united states and anti-china forces and are colluding secretly with the taiwan independence elements and the tibetan government-in-exile .
innovation is based on continuation , and continuation provides the precondition for innovation ; continuation is dependent on innovation , and innovation is the best continuation .
the reason why marxism can maintain its youth all the time and its vibrant development has been that innovation is inherently required by the essence of this theory .
the same day indian defense minister singh announced that the indian government officially approved the launch of the " agni " long-range missile system plan .
india 's move not only shocked the international community but also caused a serious retrogression in sino-indian relations , which just managed to make improvement .
credit for so-called " liberating the tibetan people from traditional feudal rule " should be attributed to the democratic reforms in tibet that started in 1959 .
nonetheless , he believed that foreign trade is not the fundamental issue because china mainly relies on internal demand to boost economic development these days .
on the issue of cuba , helms , who always adhered to the helms-burton act , pinned his hopes on the change of cuban leaders .
" the new york times " held that after biden becomes chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , he will directly " challenge the bush administration . "
china , a country that created a splendid civilization , began to lag behind in recent centuries . this country came to the verge of death .
national sovereignty is the highest power within a country , is an exclusive power , and is a sacred power that may not be encroached upon .
what 's more , while most of the 6,599 major problematic enterprises were being lifted out of difficulties , a number of new loss-suffering enterprises came into being .
the trend of global economic slowdown will directly affect the work of " promoting to a new height " the reform and development of state-owned enterprises .
the growth of investment demand played a significant role in enabling china 's economy to pass the asian financial crisis and maintain its fast development .
at the foreign ministry 's press briefing here today , sun yuxi said that china is willing to play a positive role on the middle east question .
at the same time , the meeting unanimously supported ending the talks in 2001 on china 's entry into the wto and enabling china to enter the wto .
in china 's rural areas , though grain reserves have increased , farmers ' income has declined , and this has become a problem we should study seriously .
china and the united states are now in a fairly sensitive period . our view is that we should remain calm in watching and coping with it .
premier zhu rongji analyzed : some people say that china should rely on the united states because the united states is china 's second largest trade partner .
after working hard for a dozen or so , apec has laid down a relatively good foundation in formulating the principles of cooperation and their specific contents .
further efforts should be made to strengthen economic and technical cooperation among members , especially cooperation in the development of science and technology and human resources .
russia then openly denounced the united states ' " monopoly " over the palestinian-israeli peace talks , and attributed the current predicament to such us domination .
as one magic sword after another soared into the sky , the chinese strategic missile unit -- a subject of world attention -- ushered in its 35th birthday .
some officials of the bush administration said : " to wade through the muddy water in the middle east , one has to send an old hand . "
he pointed out that developed countries should truly fulfill their obligations as stated in the uruguay round agreement and improve market access conditions for developing countries .
in the mid-1980s , the cpc came into contact and began to make exchanges with some traditionally centralist and conservative political parties within western developed countries .
because the economic factor holds a more important and prominent position in international relations , party-to-party relations have also been key in promoting economic and trade cooperation .
however , what has worried the us side most is how to build a nerve system for taiwan 's nationalist forces complete with a modern military intelligence system .
a taiwan official held that after the two sides of the strait join the wto , " the wto can provide a channel for cross-strait talks . "
groups of soldiers were on the beach . some were jumping and shouting and running around while others were seated talking , perhaps about combat tactics .
dongshan county magistrate huang shuangqing told reporters that in the new historical era , dongshan has an irreplaceable role in the great undertakings of the motherland 's reunification .
in mr. huang 's home , these reporters met retired taiwan soldier xie lauwang who has returned to live here permanently for the past two years .
for the same purpose , the us navy has moved forward its nuclear-powered attack submarines , which are usually deployed in rear bases , to guam .
bias and stubbornness in china policy recently , a report said that rumsfeld has now actually severed contacts between the pentagon and the chinese army .
the unilateralism that he originally pursued , which allows him do whatever he wants and whatever he must , may not look so simple now .
however , in line with rumsfeld 's character , he is not giving up , but most likely he will just temporarily push things back for a while .
however , according to analyses by some experts , it is just a matter of time before the new us administration makes the military strategic readjustment .
from the perspective of today 's geopolitics , no matter from what angle we look at it , such a war is not worth the united states fighting .
the disputes triggered by the implementation of the " geneva nuclear framework program " between the dprk and the united states has also come in the limelight .
according to rok officials , the united states plans to resume ambassadorial contacts with the dprk first , eventually upgrading these contacts to talks between cabinet ministers .
this type of missile is viewed as a milestone in the history of india 's missile development that demonstrated that india possessed intermediate-range nuclear deterrent capability .
according to reports , india had begun to secretly develop the " agni-iii " long ago . it has a range of up to 3,500 km .
hu yanxin , senior research fellow at china international exchanges association , interviewed on ' shanghai five states ' mechanism as example of regional cooperation .
in short , making concerted joint effort to make the " shanghai five " mechanism play a greater role in the new century is a consensus of opinion .
finally , the " shanghai spirit , " being the soul and core of the " shanghai five " mechanism , will be further carried forward .
however , the question that cannot be overlooked is whether china can enter the wto before the new round of talks begins in qatar this november .
however , china 's principle is that it must enter the wto as a developing country and it will not make any concession on that .
the two outlooks on security will bring about two contrary sequences to the peace , stability , development , and prosperity of the world in the 21st century .
zhao huasheng said : the name " shanghai five " is not an official one . in fact , this mechanism does not even have an official name .
it would probably be something of a miracle if this measure , relying on the " conscience " of capitalists , gets accepted by europe .
in order for the russian side to give in , the united states has offered many enticements , including providing military aid and buying the russian-made s-300 missiles .
with last year 's congressional election , seats at the us senate have been equally shared between the republican party and democratic party , each occupying 50 seats .
developing tourism with great efforts can effectively protect the ecological environment and resources , and can also help upgrade industries and enable the people to get rich .
this year , for the first time in 10 years , russia also increased its astronautic industry expenditures , although the total amount is only $ 165 million .
the escalation of the space arms race will turn the " peaceful utilization of outer space " proposal into a mere scrap of waste paper .
one of the important characteristics of science is producing concrete evidence . this means scientific knowledge is concrete and explicit and can be verified by experiments .
" uphold science , oppose cults " is not only a slogan but has also become a standard of conduct accepted by more and more people .
but science is only one of the most effective weapons . it is difficult to do our job well if we use only this weapon .
the exchanges between the cpc and the major political parties of italy are conducive to promoting the friendly cooperation between the two countries and their peoples .
analysts here pointed out that it can be said the two sides focus on their own needs in further expanding their cooperation at the present stage .
now , gansu province is handling the cadres unlawfully appointed by the cpc qingyang prefectural committee and persons responsible for the appointment of these cadres .
this is the same as saying that the " taiwan security enhancement act " is not necessary and is not supported by the bush administration .
using the " theory of china threat " as an excuse for developing its own nuclear weapons has been the usual tactic adopted by india in recent years .
counties should be responsible for the management of teachers and their salaries and really ensure that teachers ' salaries are issued on time and in full .
the convening of the national conference on elementary education has sounded the clarion call for our country 's elementary education to march into the new century .
ideological and political education is our military 's fine tradition and also an important guarantee for successfully carrying out construction and reform of all areas in the military .
bush will discuss a series of topics with european union leaders , including his new missile defense plan , environmental protection , trade , and european defense matters .
some us officials have indicated that if allies show any sign of loosening up on this question , the us will plow forward with propaganda .
innumerable facts at all times and in all countries have fully proved that unlimited authority is bound to lead to corruption and to formalism and bureaucratism as well .
the regional report meeting on studying the important thinking of the " three represents " in rural and pastoral areas was held in lhasa 11 june .
in his final stage of tenure , president clinton vigorously developed relations with the dprk , and he nearly succeeded in making a trip to the dprk .
the questions they raised at the briefing showed that foreign journalists were very concerned about the meeting between president jiang zemin and president putin in the afternoon .
under this major prerequisite , all problems can be appropriately resolved through friendly consultations in line with the principle of seeking common ground while reserving minor differences .
judged by the contemporary international theory and practice , regional economic cooperation organization is a kind of effective means for countries to develop their economies .
extremism , terrorism , and drugs trafficking have become transnational international phenomena and the struggle against them can only be waged through making concerted efforts .
i believe that the realistic foundation for forming a security organization in this region is a collective security treaty and the mechanism of the " shanghai five . "
as everyone knows , " shanghai five " cooperation began as a means to resolve issues left behind by history and establish mutual-trust ties among the five countries .
the establishment of the sco meets the needs of the development of the times and is the fruit of the concerted efforts of its member states .
the following year , the five leaders met again in moscow and signed the agreement on mutual reduction of military forces in the border areas .
mechanisms were also established for meetings of heads of law-enforcement , security , national defense and diplomatic departments in addition to meetings of state leaders .
this fall , the heads of the six states will hold their first summit in kazakhstan to push for the implementation of this strategic task .
he said : we held a grand gathering in shanghai today to solemnly announce the founding of a brand-new regional cooperation organization on the eurasian continent .
this shows that we frank , sincere , and constructive in approaching our work and always strive for resolutions in the interests of participating nations . "
china should unite with asia in breaking the containment wang jian holds that the current momentum of european and us capital flight to china is inevitable .
regard the rule of law , the author cited the chief executive 's request for legal interpretation as a powerful proof of hong kong 's " sinicization . "
the reporter asked : it has been reported that the united states ' " an-124 " cargo plane has arrived at lingshui airport on hainan island .
it is necessary to severely crack down on sabotage of ethnic separatists in combination with the current " strike-hard " struggle to improve social order .
" without the cpc , chinese women would not have been liberated ; without the cpc , chinese women would not have the status they have today . "
chinese women have self-esteem and self-confidence . they stand on their own feet and constantly improve themselves and better their quality , to the applause of society . "
while combating drought , all localities must also combat drought in wooded areas so as to protect the tree saplings and preserve the results of afforestation .
he disclosed that both sides decided through discussion to continue their cooperation in jointly resolving regional issues , including the balkans , nagorno-karabakh in azerbijan , and afghanistan .
statistics released by the gothenburg city government has shown that at least 9,000 people took part in those protests with some protesters involved in clashes with the police .
after allowing a brief rest for the troops , a joint sea-crossing and landing exercise by various arms and services will soon start on a bigger scale .
it was on the basis of this treaty that the united states and the soviet union ( russia ) continued their nuclear disarmaments and disarmament negotiations .
the people 's congress system is a fundamental political system of china and people 's congress deputies are members of the country 's organs of state power .
jiang chunyun pointed out : enabling people 's congress deputies to fully serve their purpose and truthfully perform their duty is the key to enforcing the deputy law .
under this important precondition , the two sides could carry out exchange and create a peaceful environment to attain the goal of a win-win situation .
neither bowing to evil nor pressure , our party resolutely opposed hegemonism and power politics , and made positive contributions to world peace and development .
now , the short unfortunate incident in sino-macedonian relations has become a matter of the past , and the two sides have established new relations .
he expressed gratitude to president jiang for his hospitality and warm reception during the recent summit meeting of the member countries of the " shanghai cooperation organization . "
in march 1990 , the sixth plenary session of the 13th cpc central committee made the decision to strengthen the ties between the party and the masses .
the rich experience that the party has accumulated in the process of strengthening its own building is an important source of the thinking of " three represents . "
the current situation is not only a basis for formulating lines , strategies and policies but is the result of putting lines , strategies and policies into practice .
li yining holds that mixed operations will become a general trend after china 's entry into the wto because all foreign-funded financial institutions are characterized by mixed operations .
in li yining 's opinion , so-called underground financial operations , especially usury , can only be eliminated step by step after the development of rural cooperative banks .
on 29 december 1965 , the prc ministry of national defense conferred on the regiment the honorary title of " eagle of the sea and sky . "
each level of leadership cadre must accommodate to new conditions , to the demands of new tasks , change work styles , and elevate leadership standards .
the central authorities ' major policy decision to implement the strategy of large-scale development of the west has offered us a fine opportunity to realize a leaping development .
with regard to traditional things , we should adopt the scientific , marxist attitude to " sublate , " to absorb the essence and reject the dross .
we sincerely wish the tibet autonomous region flourishing success in reform and opening up and in modernization . we wish all the peoples of tibet prosperity and happiness .
yi han-tong said , since south korea and china established diplomatic relations between them , the two countries have carried out highly effective cooperation in many arenas .
a full year has passed since the north-south summit meeting of the korean peninsula and the signing of the north-south joint declaration , catching worldwide attention .
whether the us economy will have a " soft landing " or a " hard landing " will impact entirely differently on the global economy .
it is learned that leading officials from certain relevant departments , provinces , and municipalities will converge on beidaihe to give reports to the cpc decision-making body .
to begin with , according to jiang zemin 's plan , cadres will only be recruited , appointed and assessed in an environment of one-party rule .
in the enforcement of party discipline , western analysts noted that the number of dismissals announced by the cpc showed precisely that the measure was anything but thorough .
jiang zemin began talking about " three stresses " and asking cadres to assign importance to study , political awareness and upright conduct two years ago .
on this premise , the efforts by the taiwan authorities to use money as their means of seeking international recognition would inevitably end in failure .
with their imminent entry to the world trade organization , in particular , the two sides of the strait should join hands to create a mutually-beneficial win-win situation .
the original preferential policies for the reorganized groups were not changed -- integrated income taxes were collected from them with the approval of the state council .
in recent years , financial authorities at all levels arranges a certain quantity of funds for tapping potential , making technological transformation , and developing science and technology .
in his speech , hu pointed out : he founding of the cpc in 1921 was an epoch-making major event in the history of china .
answer : at least , i understand what president chen shui-bian has in mind . i know all about those things related to the election .
the united states is encouraging the japanese government to play its proper role in international affairs and welcomes japan to play a role in international peacekeeping operations .
makiko tanaka is the first female foreign minister in japanese history , so her first visit in office to the united states was bound to attract considerable attention .
some commentators guessed that with bush just having returned home from europe , this action indicated that the united states attaches importance to both europe and japan .
jingji ribao holds seminar marking 80th anniversary of cpc founding to discuss important thinking on ' three represents ' and party 's basic historical experience .
the future of the democratic revolution led by the cpc was socialism , not capitalism ; thus , it was called " new " democracy .
rational historical reflection in looking back over the past 80 years and ruminating on historical experience , there are many questions for people to ponder .
we must view the two major stages of exploration from the perspective of the overall historical process of moving china toward socialism . this is more objective .
since the beginning of 2001 , china has entered a new stage of development in which it will build a relatively well off society and speed up modernization .
a relatively well off society is one that is still not rich , but which is somewhat better off than the impoverished situation of the past .
by international standards , china is still at the entry level of lower-middle-income countries ; it has not yet left the initial stage of socialism .
in addition , the department in charge of this matter and the intermediary organs should help enterprises coordinate their interests and respond to accusations in an organized way .
the use of legal weapons to defend one 's own interests is the missed lesson to which china 's industries and enterprise must make up .
he maintained : on the discussion of the issue that has a bearing on global military balance , " china 's strategic interests should be ensured . "
the 3d and 4th plenary sessions of the 15th cpc central committee also set concrete demands for party building in the rural areas and in state-owned enterprises .
although both sides have declared they would accept the cease-fire agreement of the international community , the regional situation is still far from being stable .
currently , the traditional friendship between the two peoples has flourished , and mutually beneficial cooperation between the two states has expanded in various fields .
lee han-dong thanked the chinese government for its understanding and support over the efforts of the two sides of the korean peninsula to realize reconciliation .
appropriate policies should be formulated according to different conditions in different periods in order to effectively protect the interests of members of the united front as an alliance .
" people can be victorious when they do everything in their power ; people can achieve success when their pool their wisdom together to do something . "
the sudden change in bush 's attitude has interested us media , which have been speculating that relations between the united states and russia will develop smoothly henceforth .
evaluating the process of china 's wto accession , long yongtu said with certainty : the overall situation of china 's wto accession has indeed been fixed .
we have therefore adopted the method of mainly depending on ourselves and proceeding in a cautious , orderly , and gradual way in opening up education .
in 2000 , the division broke through the conventions of command , administration , logistics , and armament talent building for a bold " union . "
the 20th century that just passed was one that witnessed brilliant scientific and technological achievements and made most distinguishing contribution to the development of humankind .
li pointed out : overseas chinese and foreign nationals of chinese descent have a lot of commendable traditions of which , four have given me the deepest impression .
a prominent theoretical contribution made by deng xiaoping was to stress the need to not only develop productivity but also emancipate the productive forces in socialist society .
he also criticized those members of congress who were opposed to granting the president the authority as " trade protectionists " and " isolationists . "
the party 's third-generation collective leadership with comrade jiang zemin as the core attaches great importance to publishing and shows kind concern for this industry .
4 . china made a commitment that , on the eve of china 's wto entry , good sino-us economic and trade relations would be maintained .
this is the political character that a public servant of the people should have , and is also an indispensable spirit in the current innovative practice .
as an important force under the party leadership , the philosophical and social sciences circles should make their due contributions to the development of marxism .
as an important force under the party leadership , the philosophical and social sciences circles should make their due contributions to the development of marxism .
at the meeting , cass commended a number of outstanding party members , party affairs workers , and advanced party organizations at the grass-roots level .
qian qichen expressed welcome to berger and his entourage , and also expressed gratitude to him for his efforts for the improvement of sino-us relations .
both china and france , he said , are big influential countries in the world , and they share common interests in the international sphere .
a launching test at the launching site could last more than one month . sometimes we just took a brief nap on a wooden bench at night .
when he arrived at the monument to the victims of world war ii , he unexpectedly went to his knees with tears in his eyes .
normally , people should learn lessons from the failure of their predecessors ; but japan does not squarely face history and tries every way to distort history .
he said : " cultural taiwan independence " is one of the tricks taiwan splittist forces use in carrying out their splittist plot for " taiwan independence . "
they have made important contributions to our country 's medical and healthcare work , to the socialist modernization drive , and to the humanitarian cause .
as is known to all , differences on agricultural subsidies with the us remained after china and the us reached their bilateral agreement two years ago .
conducting an artillery firing exercise on the water 's surface with artillery carried by simulation boats--causing units to have amphibious combat capabilities--is one very courageous venture .
one important element is the majority of party members , cadres and particularly leading cadres at levels ranging from the party central committee to the grassroots units .
we should pay attention to cultivating people and selecting excellent people with moral integrity and strong professionalism to become members of leadership groups at all levels .
if these cadres become leading cadres and successors in the party 's great causes , they may impact the future of the party and the country .
the important thinking of the " three represents " will encourage members of the communist party of china to realize this strategic objective in the 21st century .
that the taiwan authorities spend enormous amount of money on buying weapons and test-firing advanced weapons will only intensify tension in the situation of the taiwan strait .
hu angang said that in the future the modes of urban employment in china should shift from conventional to unconventional and from permanent to flexible employment .
another feature of the state planning commission measures is that there is a gradual transition from administrative management to handling matters according to laws and regulations .
looking at the words and deeds of the taiwan leader , he has adhered to a basically separatist position , which until now has not changed .
however , violent clashes in the middle east did not calm down in the last two weeks , and may escalate again at any moment .
hu angang indicated that under the conditions of economic globalization , the condition of a country 's economy can influence the condition of the economies of other countries .
comrade zhou enlai worked out eight principles on supporting foreign countries , which thus far still serve as an important guidance for developing international economic and technological cooperation .
" uncle sam , " however , is still moving against the current and is impatient to scrap the abm treaty and develop a missile defense system .
reportedly , there are policemen , chief of police station , head of criminal police , and even directors of public security bureaus and departments among those killed .
through more than 20 years of reform and opening up , profound changes have taken place in china 's economy , politics , and social life .
the chinese government and armed forces will attach great importance to promoting long-term , stable and healthy relations of friendship and cooperation with cuban counterparts as always .
the chinese embassy in the ukraine held a grand reception on 26 june . representatives from different social circles and political parties attended the reception .
political parties in the ukraine are willing to conduct exchanges and cooperation with the cpc to push forward the two countries ' relations , he said .
he said that the founding of the cpc thoroughly changed the fate of old china , which suffered much from anguish and humiliation by foreign powers .
the tremendous change of the motherland , the continuous progress of the society and our party 's achievements that has attracted worldwide attention all embodied their contributions .
after checking the fact , the higher court rejected the appeal by upholding the original judgement . the six chief culprits were executed on 25 june .
to split a nation , it is necessary to undermine the culture of this nation and create confusion in terms of national and cultural identities .
and particularly , these countries learned and adopted the most updated achievements in science and technology and provided a larger margin for the development of productive forces .
he said : social conditions and public opinions refer to the basic conditions of people 's social life and the opinions and wishes of the masses .
the guangdong province-sponsored meeting celebrating the 80th anniversary of the founding of the cpc opened ceremoniously in the midst of the mighty and splendid national anthem .
on behalf of the provincial party committee , li changchun first extended holiday greetings to more than 3 million cpc members working on various fronts in the province .
he pointed out : the cpc 's course of struggle has eloquently proved that the cpc is a great , glorious , and correct party .
we must continuously put into practice the successful experiences , creatively unfold tasks , and make great efforts in creating a new situation for tibet work .
speeding up economic development , promoting liberalized reforms , and improving the people 's livelihood are the key tasks of tibet work in the new period .
the judicial contingent made great contributions to the work of cracking down on crimes , protecting the people , safeguarding stability , and promoting reforms .
he said : china 's securities market is a product of reform and opening up and a major integral part of the socialist market economy .
the establishment and constant improvement of the socialist system have opened up a broad road for the emancipation and development of china 's productive forces .
the peasant class and other laboring people , closely united with the working class , constitute a major force that pushes china 's productive forces forward .
the rapid progress of science and technology has given a powerful propelling force to the productive forces of the world and the economic and social development of humanity .
all practices that run counter to the requirement of the development of the party 's cause or the interests of the people should be resolutely removed .
along with economic development and all-round social progress , the building of socialism in china will enter a higher stage of development when conditions are ripe .
we should constantly advance the all-round development of human beings based on a higher level of the material and spiritual civilization of the socialist society .
efforts should be made to enable all people across the country to lead a well-to-do life as soon as possible and to continue to uplift their living standards .
it is necessary to enhance balance and harmony between man and nature so that people can work and live in a sound and beautiful ecological environment .
since new china came into being , the chinese communists of several generations have all made unremitting efforts toward the complete reunification of our motherland .
the complete reunification of the motherland represents the aspirations of the people and is a historical trend that no one and no force could stop .
the young people of all ethnic groups in china represent the future of our country and nation and the hope for prosperity and development of our cause .
it calls for your efforts , young people , to accomplish the grand cause of socialist modernization and the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
general secretary jiang zemin had deep feelings and sincere and earnest expectations for the young people of all nationalities across the country . this greatly encouraged meeting participants .
all forum participants expressed willingness to earnestly study and profoundly understand the spirit and essence of the speech and firmly implement it in the light of actual conditions .
under the cpc leadership and by grasping the current and unprecedented great opportunity , the goal of great rejuvenation of the chinese nation can certainly be realized .
it seems that this kind of so-called " sense of mission " of " loving taiwan " has indeed deluded some of the people in taiwan .
the central propaganda department called on the propaganda departments of all localities to strictly guard against media exaggerated social news being utilized by foreign media .
he pointed out : in the future , vacancies for below middle level leading posts of government departments at all levels must be filled in principle through competition .
the koizumi cabinet has a fairly obvious right-wing bent in its foreign policy and stands for the strengthening of the security protection mechanism based on the japan-us alliance .
under the circumstances , one cannot preclude the possibility of the koizumi government supporting and even joining hands with the united states in building the nmd .
implementing the reform and opening up policy is a road towards strengthening socialist china and a historical decision that determined the fate of modern china .
as experts and scholars in various fields , you should have a comprehensive understanding of the conditions in china and the rest of the world .
li peng expressed warm welcome to president heptulla as well as india parliamentarians , well-known entrepreneurs and unionists who were accompanying her on the visit .
li peng said china and india are neighboring countries and countries with an ancient civilization and exchanges between the two peoples have a long history .
li peng said the chinese npc attaches importance to developing friendly exchanges with parliaments of other countries of the world , including that of the indian parliament .
he pointed out that there were five essential factors that constituted a nation : blood relationship , livelihood , language , religion , habits and customs .
he noted that the government had not considered direct official contacts before but " now it will see if there is any way to make a breakthrough . "
2 . taking advantages of local officials ' connections with taiwan businessmen and their interactions and friendly relations with taiwan-funded enterprises to increase investments from outside .
comrade jiang zemin 's important speech is a theoretical guide and program of action for comprehensively strengthening and improving party building in the new century .
within the scope of society 's ability to bear , we should speed up their bankruptcy and shut down and eliminate the losses at the source .
it is an era of the intellectual economy , society needs more high quality workers who master and know how to apply modern scientific and technical knowledge .
in the process of economic structural change , some workers had trouble in being reemployed and they bore the " pain of the labor " of reform .
in his speech , he stressed that accomplishing the motherland 's reunification is one of the three major tasks of the cpc in the new century .
at a news conference hosted by the foreign ministry today , zhang qiyue said that both japan and the united states are important nations in the asia-pacific region .
wei jianxing extended a warm welcome to the cpv delegation , the first to visit china following the ninth cpv congress , led by phan dien .
also attending the meeting were premier zhu rongji and vice premier li lanqing , both members of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc .
vice chairmen of the npc standing committee tian jiyun , jiang chunyun , buhe , tomur dawamat , zhou guangzhao , and cao zhi all spoke .
being an important force under the party 's leadership , the theoretical circle of philosophy and social sciences should make contributions to the enrichment and development of marxism .
if the two sides are determined to destroy each other , no peacemaker can succeed can carry out successful mediation by any amount of talking .
it must be pointed out that a country 's security cannot be built on the basis of sacrificing the right to existence of another nation .
the conditions for our party to expand and deepen foreign relations have become more favorable . the party 's international liaison work thus shoulders a more arduous mission .
through radio broadcasts , they beamed anti-saddam programs into iraq and described the terror of the war to deter the iraqi troops and its people .
he assured that china would always stick to its consistent stand of developing good-neighborly and friendly ties of cooperation with mongolia no matter how the international situation changes .
the mention of the thinking of " three represents " indicates that the cpc has set great guidelines for strengthening itself in the new century .
touching on the topic of why young scientists are designated to attend the seminar , ting held that young people are the hopes of future .
at the end of the interview , ting said it is expected that cross-strait scientific and technical exchanges will develop from single-item activities to systematic cooperative research .
the common prosperity of cross-strait academic , scientific and technological , economic , and cultural circles will benefit the people on both sides of the taiwan strait .
in other words , it is the " basis " rather than the " channel " that has led to today 's deadlock across the strait .
all these are major subjects that we ought to further resolve in our current effort to comprehensively push forward the party building under the new situation .
wto accession is the requirement of reform , opening up , and modernization , and an important measure of china in taking the initiative to join economic globalization .
upon arriving in los angeles , he even stated , " i am the chairman of the kmt ; if it dies , i die with it . "
when the woman entered a nearby parking lot and prepared to start her car , a us serviceman threw himself on her and raped her .
when the resolution was adopted , the voting on the " smart sanction " plan against iraq put forward by the united states and britain was indefinitely postponed .
the " smart sanction " plan did not cancel the limitation on the export of petroleum , so iraq 's source of wealth has not been opened .
the iraqi government recently announced that if the un security council adopts the " smart sanction " program , iraq would cease oil export completely .
currently , all kinds of erroneous ideas and decadent thinking have put on a coat of various styles , making them difficult to tell which is which .
communists should have a pair of crystal-clear eyes so that they can clearly distinguish right from wrong with their correct world outlook and methodology and not get lost .
the party constitution stipulates that every party member has the right and obligation when it comes to propaganda work , making criticism , and reporting misconduct .
however , china 's telecommunications industry still has a long road to travel if it hopes to have the enduring good will of chinese consumers .
regarding the controversy over whether or not china telecom should first be dismantled and then go on the market overseas , there are actually huge concerns about this .
he thanked president jiang for the invitation , and said that he would be looking forward to holding frank and very fruitful talks with president jiang .
jiang zemin expressed satisfaction over the continuous developments of sino-palestinian relations in recent years and asked zanoun to convey his cordial personal greetings to president yasir ' arafat .
in this speech , chairman jiang stands at the height of progress for our era and history , and gives ardent expectations to our youth .
beijing , 7 jul ( xinhua ) -- new achievements have been made in the struggle to " strike hard " at crimes in various localities .
the vicious " flying tiger team " was formed at the beginning of 1999 and it had 23 members . kang runping and wei yongping were their ringleaders .
this gang was rigidly stratified and its work was clearly divided among the gangsters . besides , it possessed homemade and manufactured guns , other weapons and vehicles .
the document issued by the propaganda department allows civilian capital 's participation in media operations , especially civilian capital merging with the capital of the mainstream media .
a civilian-run enterprise in henan is conducting consultations with a local newspaper on its plan to invest 10 million yuan for participation in the newspaper 's operations .
only in this way will we be able to ensure that we will not let down the great party and the proletarian revolutionaries of the older generation .
in the great practice of integrating marxism with the practice of china , the important concept of " three represents " is of milestone significance .
experts and scholars attending the symposium believed : in the new century , our country is facing rare opportunities for development as well as severe challenges .
the important concept of " three represents " is a reappearance of the chinese communists ' theory of vision , mind , and a sense of historical responsibility .
owing to such theoretical results , the important concept of " three represents " is of great epoch-making significance in the marxist theory of party building .
only by always meeting the requirements of the " three represents " will chinese communists be able to foster the spirit of progressing with the time .
the masses of people are the main body to create advanced productive forces and culture as well as the fundamental force to realize their own interests .
the current trend of world economic slowdown , which started in developed western countries , has become increasingly serious , drawing deep concern from countries over the world .
the reason that the taiwan problem has gone on as long as it has is inseparable linked with " uncle sam 's " " utmost concern . "
despite the harsh conditions in the snowy mountains , he adhered to the idea of working diligently and making great achievements through hard working instead of hanging back .
according to the relevant provisions of the un charter , un members should cooperate and help each other to implement the methods decided by the security council .
japan 's military technology achieved rapid development through the implementation of this policy . in some areas of technology , japan even surpassed the united states .
on 23 april , japan imposed the emergency import curb on three chinese agricultural products , namely , leeks , fresh mushrooms , and tatami rushes .
second , japan will hold an upper house election this month and voters for the ruling liberal democratic party [ ldp ] mainly live in the rural areas .
in addition , central and local financial departments should set aside some funds for supporting farmers ' endeavor of restructuring agriculture and developing quality agricultural products .
the kmt indicated that cross-strait relations have their special features , which are different from those that led to the formation of the several confederations in history .
when commenting on the kuomintang 's " confederation " proposal , ye keli said : the kuomintang " has thought over the matter really hard .
however , given japan 's economic strength and the level of its sci-tech growth , these weapons and facilities definitely could be " easily obtainable . "
in that case , could they rapidly carry out a " civilian to military conversion " ? li daguang : yes , japan has no military industry enterprises .
nguyen phu trong greeted the 80th founding anniversary of the cpc and thanked the beijing municipal cpc committee and the municipal government for kind hospitality .
we ask the japanese side to use concrete actions to respect historical facts , and to handle the textbook issue with a responsible attitude toward its posterity .
a chinese foreign ministry official pointed out that correctly understanding and dealing with that period of history is an important political basis for developing sino-japanese relations .
li lanqing said : comrade jiang zemin 's " 1 july " speech is a creative development of marxism-leninism-mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory .
second , we should apply the marxist stand , views , and methods in conducting in-depth study of the important thinking on " three represents . "
he noted that beijing and moscow have enjoyed good economic cooperation , and that cultural , trade and economic cooperation has promoted the development of bilateral relations .
when people look through taiwan 's newspapers in 1999 , they could see numerous lien and soong statements on the " two-state theory " in differing degrees .
on 29 june , a kmt spokesperson announced that lee teng-hui , as a party member , has the right to express his political opinion !
extremist forces have seized the chance to step up their activities and have frequently threatened to attack us official agencies and staff stationed in the mideast .
powell could not but admit at the end of his visit that the criteria for the palestinian-israeli cease-fire are very severe , and implementation will be extremely difficult .
now , the two peoples jointly hold commemorative activities to mark the 40th anniversary of the signing of the treaty . this is an event of great significance .
korea will continue to remove various obstacles and difficulties and eventually fulfill the cause of reunifying the motherland according to the spirit of the joint declaration .
when president jiang zemin visited japan in 1998 , both sides agreed that they would build friendly and cooperative partnership devoted to peace and development .
delegation member wang chien-hsuan [ wang jianxuan ; former minister of finance in taiwan ] also answered questions and said : i have visited the mainland many times .
we have always been proposing and hoping that our two countries should look forward , but the japanese government should tell the historical facts to the japanese people .
grasping well the in-depth study of the important thinking of " three represents " is long-term work for the ideological and political building in troops .
the problems which remained between japan and china should be handled appropriately , and not be allowed to influence the excellent overall relations between japan and china .
the bureau has suffered sluggish sales and operational woes because of the depletion of coal resources , declining coal quality , and high mining costs .
four-point measure settles labor conflict the jilin provincial government took the following steps to settle the labor conflict and resolve the problem of stranded passengers : 1 .
in corresponding international organizations , we should actively take part in drawing up international treaties on the information network , and step up international exchanges and cooperation .
after the founding of new china , the primary task that faced the communist party of china was to carry out the transition from new democracy to socialism .
only when the economy is developed and peasants become rich will the rural areas be able to enjoy stability and our party to enjoy greater prestige .
today , as the leaders of the two countries attach great importance and make joint efforts , the traditional sino-korean friendship has made further development .
he expressed the sincere hope that the chinese people will score still greater achievements in accomplishing the tasks set out by the 15th cpc national congress .
the nmd intercept tests being conducted at present only use two locations , vandenberg air force base in california and the kwajalein atoll in the marshall islands .
tung chee-hwa said that he had thanked the bush administration at the meeting for actively promoting normal trade relations between china and the united states .
judged by the consistently overbearing style of the us government , it is perfectly logical to believe that they have cultivated a number of soldiers who run amuck .
the state will support enterprise development in the form of legislation , and the government will no longer be the leader and manager of the enterprises .
qian qichen appreciated the new party 's adherence to the one-china principle , opposition to " taiwan independence , " and pursuit of peaceful reunification .
the current dialogue between the " new party 's mainland affairs council delegation " and the cpc central committee 's taiwan affairs office is a good experiment .
a journalist asked : japan recently published its " defense white paper " in which it claimed that china 's military forces have exceeded its defense needs .
but communist china must be seen internationally to be " actively " creating an impression of doing its best to hold dialogue and consultations with taiwan .
qian qichen appreciated the new party 's adherence to the one-china principle , opposition to " taiwan independence , " and pursuit of the goal of peaceful reunification .
any hong kong governor before 1997 , whose position was under that of the british foreign minister , was never received in such a ceremonious manner .
in years past , the rise of fascism was due to an economic depression which triggered and exacerbated social contradictions , making the national psychology extremely narrow-minded .
this year and next year , the four state-owned commercial banks and policy banks shall lower their bad-loan ratio by two to three percentage points each year .
many people in the world have this dream : they hope that some day they will be able to come to china and visit beijing .
beijing 's winning the hosting rights for the 2008 olympic games is of important , profound , and far-reaching significance to both china and to the olympic movement .
he expressed his confidence that with the concerted efforts of the whole nation , it is certain that the 2008 olympics will be a complete success .
chen shui-bian noted that taiwan is different from hong kong . " one country , two systems " is to make taiwan " like hong kong . "
kadish said the united states planned to build a series of facilities for missile defense tests for the defense department to test different missile defense technologies .
it has been learned that the intercepting method of this missile intercepting technology test is the same as that of the test that failed in july last year .
officials of eu countries have stated they cannot understand japan 's negative attitude toward the " kyoto protocol , " since japan was the land of its birth .
the more the developed countries delay implementation of the " kyoto protocol , " the more difficult it is to resolve the problem of global climate change .
from the perspective of the two basic kinds of macroeconomic policies -- fiscal and monetary policies -- there are a number of options for effectively boosting domestic demand .
all military forces and armed police forces are delighted to hear the news and celebrate beijing 's success in bidding for the 2008 olympic games .
at the airport , president jiang and wife wang yeping were warmly received by ilya klebanov , deputy premier of the russian federal government , and his wife .
the article noted that russia and china shared an identical stand on the issues of missile defense , the nato 's eastward expansion , and the balkans .
judging the past in a rational way and facing history in correct fashion is an expression of a nation 's psychological health and maturity of spirit .
the first stage was from december 1991 to september 1994 , in which the nature of the bilateral relationship was to regard the other as a friendly country .
state statistics bureau deputy director qiu xiaohua says that the price changes in china remain benign , and in general there is no danger of inflation .
this has played an important role in guiding cotton production , stabilizing cotton prices , protecting the farmers ' interests , and supporting the textile industry 's development .
after visiting the exhibition , luo gan said that the exhibition , which exposes the heretical nature of " falungong , " is very educational .
the two parties will observe the international principles on the inviolability of territory and national borders and will strictly abide by the national border between them .
the chinese and russian heads of state maintain that only when they join hands and work hard together can they stop these phenomena and solve these problems .
with the guidance of this programmatic document , the stable and healthy development of sino-russian relations over a long period in the 21st century will be guaranteed .
our effort will certainly bring benefits to our future generations , and make contributions to the world peace , development , and prosperity in the new century .
this shows that there exists a huge potential for our cooperation . as long as both sides make joint efforts , the prospects are foreseeable .
jiang zemin pointed out : china and russia are both permanent members of the un security council and bear important responsibilities for the world 's peace and development .
jiang zemin stressed : maintaining global strategic balance and stability has a bearing on the major security interests of various countries , particularly those of nuclear countries .
all this has laid a solid foundation for the long-term stable and healthy development of the relations between china and russia in the new century .
the core ideas of the treaty can be summed up as ' friendship from generation to generation , and we will never become enemies . '
article by noted theoretician xing benxi on ' three represents ' requirement and advanced nature of cpc ( 4,000 chrts , p 9 , text ) .
-- the advanced nature of the communist party of china is reflected not only in its class foundation , but also in its theoretical foundation .
comrade jiang zemin 's speech delivered at the rally marking the 80th anniversary of the founding of the communist party of china is a marxist guideline document .
to bring about the great rejuvenation of the chinese people , we must further build up our party . yet , how do we approach this ?
this is the fundamental guarantee that our party will always retain its nature as one of the vanguard of the working class and its advanced nature .
as for the view that the self-employed and private entrepreneurs should have long been recruited into the party , this does not conform to the reality .
particularly in view of the fact that foreign manufacturers supply most information network systems currently in use in china , potential security risks are even more incalculable .
this is the illustrious part of what reporters recently eyewitnessed at the north [ beijing ] air force conducted " wartime equipment upkeep situational demonstration site . "
hospital subunit displays skills on ship a gray colored vessel quietly berthed at an island port in the small hours under the cover of fog .
since the us new administration was inaugurated , it has been practicing " unilateralism " and adopting an overbearing policy in dealing with other countries .
therefore , the two leaders will have to go through a lot of trouble to solve existing differences between the two countries in military cooperation .
but since the un plan is highly political and sensitive , the eventual participation strategy will still have to be decided at the highest government level .
while certain countries or organizations such as the vatican , switzerland , and palestine are now certainly not un members , they do have observer status .
both history and reality show that peace cannot be achieved by depending on armed force , and still less can it be maintained by depending on military alliances .
ye zhen also pointed out : we should attach great importance to such contradictions and problems as foreign demand playing less a role in driving economic growth .
a rather high increase in domestic investment and consumer demand in the first half of the year has played a decisive role in guaranteeing rapid economic growth .
dir of general armament department cao gangchuan asks all subordinate units to implement " three represents " and ensure fast development of weapons and armaments .
you and president putin , young and in the prime of life , are new generation russian leaders . this leaves me a deep impression .
jiang zemin said : after the signing of the treaty , the two countries ' parliaments will review and ratify it . this process is quite important .
both history and reality show us that peace cannot be achieved through force , much less can it be maintained by relying on a military alliance .
both sides should meet market demand , strive to open new fields and new ways of cooperation , and further raise efficiency in such cooperation .
i am delighted to see that among those present here today are many old friends who fought side by side or worked together with chinese people .
china is firmly opposed to all forms of hegemonism ; china will not engage in expansion , nor will it ever engage in any form of hegemonism .
in their toasts , the two heads of state expressed full confidence in the healthy and stable development of bilateral ties in the new century .
next , regarding the application of the principle of mutual respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity , they support each other in preserving national unity and territorial integrity .
should we go so far as not to recognize ourselves as chinese and deny the fact that there has been the " 1992 consensus " ?
in fact , the " lecheng " plan is expected to slow down due to problems in the budget and the quality and morale of the national army .
he said : developing relations with china used to be , is , and will continue to be one of the priority orientations of belarus ' foreign policy .
if this type of theorizing is correct , it is equivalent to conceding that the taiwanese economy is doomed to collapse , and that unemployment is a tide .
" tibet 's stability is a prerequisite for guaranteeing the sustained development of all of tibet 's undertakings and gradual improvement in the people 's living standard .
at present , the residents and departments in many cities view foreign television program by illegally installing an antenna to receive television broadcasting via satellites .
total length of the main pipeline will be 4,000 km ; it will start from the tarim lunnan oilfield in xinjiang and terminate at baihe town in shanghai .
one year has easily passed , another round of power struggle will be started at the annual meeting in beidaihe , the " summer capital . "
like zhang dejiang , he spared no effort to peddle the " three represents " theory , so he found favor in jiang zemin 's eyes .
only in this way can party-building in the military adapt itself to the development of the situation and embody the requirements of the advanced nature of the party .
legqog said : right after the peaceful liberation of tibet , there were only qingke barley , radishes , and chinese cabbage but no fruits in tibet .
the unity of cadres of all ethnic groups in tibet plays a key and decisive role in enhancing the unity of the masses of all ethnic groups .
spurred on by the frequent exchange of visits between the top leaders of both countries , bilateral cooperation in various specific areas has been expanding and deepening .
our stand is identical or similar on virtually all major international and regional issues , and the common points between us are growing in number .
he said he and the visiting rok officials were deeply honored to be able to directly take part in the reception given by chairman and mrs li peng .
he expressed the belief that president jiang zemin 's current moldova visit will be a good start to push moldova-china relations to a new level .
it can be expected that as the number of foreign-funded financial institutions in china increases , their regulation- and law-breaking activities also will be unavoidable .
although the issue of how to help poor countries benefit from the world 's trade system has been included in the agenda , concrete results are not expected .
bush 's visit to britain prior to attending the g-8 summit was aimed at persuading british prime minister tony blair to support the us stance .
upon arrival in the land of belarus , president jiang zemin was accorded a grand reception and welcomed by the government and people of belarus .
cpc cc taiwan affairs office holds dialogue with taiwan 's new party many know that the new party is one of the major parties in taiwan .
most people on the island approved of the new party 's " party to party " meeting with the communist party of china on the mainland .
as a permanent member of the un security council , china will continue to make due contributions to an early realization of stability in macedia .
the two sides are determined to join the international community in working unremittingly to build a just and reasonable new international political and economic order .
initial investigations showed that these incidents were all limited to the responsible persons and personal actions , and the lessons learned were extremely painful and deep .
jiang zemin believed that the direct contacts between the leaders of the two countries would also give a major impetus to the development of bilateral relations .
the " sino-moldovan joint statement " signed by the two countries has set the guiding principles for the development of bilateral relations in the 21st century .
through president jiang 's current visit , it is believed that relations between the two countries will certainly make further development in the orientation of being more fruitful .
in the last two years , the volume of bilateral trade showed a rising tendency . we hope that this positive trend will be maintained .
because of this , the " falungong " organization hates him to the core , threatens him and pressures him to cancel the scheduled demonstration .
however , " falungong " -- the pernicious tumor of mankind and public enemy of modern civilization -- will certainly be discarded by the world .
ukraine is willing to carry out close cooperation with the chinese side in various fields and welcomes chinese industrial circles to invest still more in ukraine .
he said : china and ukraine urgently need a peaceful , stable external environment as they are both making efforts in developing their own economies .
he said : there have been many incidents about " falungong " cultists menacing society , doing harm to human lives , and trampling on human rights .
he inquired with concern about the families ' production and living arrangements . he encouraged them to employ science and technology in their agricultural production .
to go from a social system which is basically stable to long-term peace and stability , one fundamental strategy is that we must do well on ideological education .
the more harsh the environment and the more complicated the situation , the more must our cadres at all levels deepen their down-to-earth working style .
wu yi said : at present the whole nation is studying the spirit of general secretary jiang 's 1 july important speech in a thoroughgoing way .
looking at old , shabby desks in a classroom , zhu rongji asked the school headmaster wang wei , " how come there aren 't stools ? "
" no , we don 't , but we are required to fund one month 's wages for our teachers with a portion of our receipts . "
jiang zemin is to leave yalta on the morning of 23 july , local time , and will arrive at his last stop malta by plane .
since jiang zemin 's " 1 july " speech was published , upwards of 100,000 private entrepreneurs across the country have filed applications for party membership .
us secretary of state colin powell , who is scheduled to visit beijing this weekend ( 28 july ) , will also meet jiang zemin at beidaihe .
it is to discuss the direction of political , economic , and social development after china joins the wto , and make further preparations for joining the wto .
it organized a group of people to come to washington for an " exercise demonstration " because washington is the united states ' political center .
the reunification of taiwan with the mother mainland is the trend of the times and the desire of the people , and no force can stop it .
the slowdown of the us , japanese , and german economies , in particular , has had a fairly negative impact on the world 's economic development .
this declaration of position obviously hints that china is a threat , and moreover that the japan-us security treaty will be used to confront china .
in reality , china has never viewed japan as an opponent , but on the contrary it is japan that views china as a threat .
according to reports , the two leaders focused on discussing issues such as the us missile defense system program and the " kyoto protocol . "
hence , the two leaders need to undergo some twists and turns over how to resolve differences between the two countries in the military cooperation issue .
marxism is a powerful ideological weapon for us to understand and transform the world , and it is the guide for china 's revolution , construction and reform .
wild demand on internal markets has become a major driving force for the economy , and is sufficient to offset the influence of weak exports .
4 . go one step farther in maintaining the stable development of the economy , thereby creating employment opportunities , increase income , and improve the living environment .
consequently , we are broadening internal demand while concurrently going one step farther to develop foreign trade , and we must always open up international markets .
the key requirement on studying and implementing the " three represents " principle is to emphasize reality and practical effects , comrade jiang zemin has repeatedly emphasized .
the party has led the people in formulating the constitution and the laws , and it must act within the scope of the constitution and the laws .
a grand welcoming ceremony was held at the airport . a band played the national anthems of both countries , and a 21-gun salute was sounded .
according to an analysis , the reason that the meeting was able to make substantive progress was that eu had made substantial concessions to japan and other countries .
li jinhua pointed out : budget execution audit is a basic duty of audit organs enshrined in the law and is an eternal theme of national audit .
although the two sides of the strait have yet to solve problems in their political relations , they have greatly developed relations in other areas .
this chinese-american who was born a descendant of china but committed a shameful , ugly act will be deported from his native land in disgrace .
as an expert of international studies pointed out , there are some interesting laws behind the dispatch of large numbers of taiwan spies to the mainland .
chung chien further uses " one core , three goals " to explain the reason the united states has for making more transparent taiwan-us military exchanges .
observers believe that randt 's speech can be seen as acting under instructions to convey to china the information that the bush administration intends to improve sino-us relations .
apart from that , he believes that the united states and china have common interests on the korean peninsula and can cooperate on this issue .
adami briefed jiang zemin on malta 's economic and social development in recent years . he also thanked china for its assistance and support for malta .
similarly , china also supports the efforts that the maltese government and people have made in safeguarding their national independence and sovereignty and developing their economy .
jiang zemin said : prime minister adami attaches great importance to malta 's relations with china and has made great efforts in promoting the development of sino-maltese relations .
at a news conference after the close of the g-8 summit , putin gave a generally positive assessment of the results achieved by this meeting .
reports said that one day he visited a chinaware exhibition . when he saw the english word " china , " he turned away and left .
ironically , he did not know that the word has two meanings , one being " chinaware " and the other the country " china . "
at present , it admits about 1,100 students every year . however , being limited by the size of the staff , there are insufficient teachers and instructors .
chi haotian said : subjecting oneself to and serving the party 's central task is the underlying demand of carrying out " double support " work .
sino-philippine ties have maintained good momentum in recent years , and the two countries have made continuous progress in bilateral exchanges and cooperation in all fields .
china 's central duty is to collect her spirit for economic development over a rather long period , and raise the people 's standard of living .
now the united states has agreed to sell 50 sets of the combined tactical information system to taiwan and this basically reflects the us thinking .
the temporarily mobilized personnel will be mainly all high quality reserve servicemen and some specialized militiamen can even launch a hacker 's war on networks .
powell also emphasized that some " distortions " in the two countries ' relations that nobody wants to see have become things of the past .
more than a decade of promotion and use of the state 's 863 / cims demonstration project has laid an excellent foundation for china 's enterprise informationization .
this request falls into the " gray area " measures strictly prohibited by the aforementioned wto rules , and has naturally been refused by the chinese side .
strengthening regional cooperation helps to promote the mutual complementing of strong points , enhance countries ' ability to withstand financial risk , and achieve joint development .
on the other hand , as the main beneficiaries of economic globalization , the developed countries shoulder the main responsibility for stimulating world economic growth .
china 's economy grew by 8.2 percent in the first quarter of this year , which could be described as a good start to the 10th fyp .
this is a friendly trip , which serves to promote peace , cooperation , and development . the trip has achieved outstanding results and created far-reaching impacts .
all pertinent departments must enact mutual support , closely coordinate , form a combined strength , and carry out comprehensive agricultural development work in a down-to-earth manner .
since entering the new century , new complications have appeared in the international situation and the challenges posed by globalization to china and asean have become more obvious .
in particular , the two sides should step up cooperation within the " 10 + 3 " mechanism to promote the steady growth of cooperation in east asia .
the socialist market economy system initially established in china is still in the process of improvement , and economic crimes and corrupt phenomena are liable to occur frequently .
vice-premier qian said that the problem of residency rights in the basic law can be said to be a consideration of hong kong 's interests .
he said : the sar 's court of final appeal had raised some questions about this matter , and the people 's congress had given a special explanation .
japan entered a decade of recession after its economic bubble burst in 1989 , turning itself from an economic giant of east asia into an economic sick man .
because of the comeback of trade protectionism , exports from china have met with discriminatory treatment by countries like the rok and japan , making export more difficult .
when facing the media at the san francisco airport , li , who looked tired after a long flight , was not very keen on talking .
at present , the cross-strait issue is a matter of " everything ready , except the crucial element , " and that crucial element is one china .
jiang zemin said : " your visit to china is most welcomed . although this is our first meeting , i have long heard of your name . "
zhu rongji said , although the path followed by sino-us relations has not been even , generally speaking the relationship has developed in a forward direction .
both china and the united states do not hope to see economic and trade exchange between them being impeded , which will affect their own economic development .
beijing , 28 jul ( zxs ) -- us secretary of state colin powell held a news conference for chinese and foreign reporters here this afternoon .
powell said : china and the united states have reached consensus in many aspects . but they also have many differences , which should be resolved through dialogues .
experts believe that the key to whether or not china could build a space station is how much investment the nation would make in the project .
the leaders of the two countries expressed that they had taken " an important step forward in developing a new strategic relationship " between the two countries .
some commentaries said that bush was at the g-8 summit physically , but his mind was on the " son of the star war . "
he also pointed out : " at least it should include the seven-point principle put forward by vice premier qian qichen of communist china . "
in the face of the good situation of steady growth in the provincial economy , leading comrades attending the study meeting always kept a cool head .
he said : scientific and technological innovation is the key , industrial innovation the core , system innovation the driving force , and environmental innovation the guarantee .
addressing the forum , xiao yang elaborated on the importance of the " three represents " concept in guiding the work of the people 's court .
certainly , china is not an enemy of the us , but is a friend of the us and all peace-loving countries of the world .
both sides hope to increase the exchange of high-level visits it is indeed a busy and substantial [ chong shi ] day to powell today .
although it was the first time he met with president jiang zemin and premier zhu rongji , he was well at ease at the meetings .
powell also replied wittily , " thank you very much for your warm welcome . i will be very happy to come to china again .
according to statistics released by taiwan 's " ministry of finance , " 4,995 factories stopped operations or were closed in 2000 , up 25.44 percent over 1999 .
sino-us relations have gone through a period of twists and turns since george w. bush became president on 20 january , mainly due to the air collision incident .
we often say that peace and development are the themes of our times . how should we understand the dialectical relationship between peace and development ?
the basic way to solve the question of north and south is to establish a new , just , and rational international political and economic order .
if he wasn 't afraid to travel by plane , kim chong-il absolutely would not spend such a long time taking a cross-country train to visit russia .
the key to adhering to the party 's absolute leadership over the army under new historical conditions is hold high the banner and safeguard the core .
completely manifesting the demand of the " three represents " is the fundamental assurance for forever maintaining the party 's progressiveness , combat effectiveness , and creativity .
facts prove incontrovertibly that the taiwan authorities ' vain attempt to rely on foreign forces to " resist reunification with force " absolutely will not work .
there are many common interests between china and the united states regarding their cooperation in the economic and trade fields , in regional security , and global problems .
conducting policy adjustments in accordance with the two countries ' respective interests and developing mutual trust relations will help both countries to further enhance their respective strength .
within the new us government , a number of ultra-right and conservative figures are occupying many important posts , including those related to national defense and foreign affairs .
in the new perception of security advocated by general secretary jiang , he raised an important issue concerning international security theory and international security practice .
the result was that this security idea not only failed to bring about peace and security , on the contrary , it resulted in increasingly serious insecurity .
when it gains a certain degree of recognition and understanding by its readers , the tabloid will soon be published independently for retail sales and circulation .
although the two sides committed themselves to a cease-fire not long ago , their conflicts have never stopped and the situation has deteriorated considerably recently .
the chinese mainland will continue to adhere to the fundamental principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " on the taiwan issue .
the ratio between liking dpp and disliking dpp was 53 percent to 29 percent a year ago but the ratio is 34 percent to 47 percent now .
4 . reporting brother-in-law : i want to ask the two researchers , does the pla 's budget come from the state or from the party ?
we must firmly protect the leadership of the party , and oppose any denial of the party 's absolute leadership in the name of nationalization .
su zhirong : so-called professionalized armed forces really means a volunteer armed forces system , and many of the world 's countries have adopted it .
15 . vacancy : every military forum now has very intense debates between proponents of submarines and aircraft carriers ; how do you two gentlemen view this ?
internationally , some people have formulated the ' china peril theory ' ; this is without any basis whatever , and comes from ulterior motives . "
at the same time , the pla is also a potential force for safeguarding world peace , and is steadily becoming an actual force for safeguarding world peace .
although there are village-level elections throughout the country , the popularly elected village committees have no say in the matter of miscellaneous taxes and other charges .
us businesses will also rapidly increase their investments in china . by 2005 , actual us investments in china will accumulatively amount to over $ 60 billion .
responsible persons of state council legislative affairs office and ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation answer reporter 's questions on revision of sino-foreign joint-venture law .
a : the provisions on a department in charge of a sino-foreign joint venture have been deleted in the newly amended " implemental regulations . "
singapore , which only has a population of 3.2 million , is asia 's third-largest financial center , subordinate only to japan and hong kong .
" a singapore with modernized military equipment and power is just now becoming an extremely important link in the us security chain around china . "
aside from procuring weapons , singapore emphasizes an all-directional defense strategy , forming alliances with countries that have common interests and participating in military activities .
because us naval berthing in the philippines and hong kong gave rise to numerous problems in the 1990s , singapore 's function is even more obviously prominent .
the kmt was not destroyed at the hands of others , and the tragic thing is that its destruction came from the hand of its own chairman .
real marxists cannot require the authors of the [ marxist ] classics to provide ready-made solutions to the problems that have occurred since their death .
at the same time , they must adhere to integrating theory with practice and be good at studying and solving existing problems using scientific theory and knowledge .
in countries that have gone through the industrialization process , the demand for which type of energy showed the greatest increase in the course of energy restructuring ?
the social stability and sustained economic development in the mother mainland are matters of concern to the world . is this a fabrication by the taiwan media ?
on 15-26 july , the central discipline-inspection commission and the supervision ministry held a seminar on examining cases of discipline-inspection and supervision leading cadres nationwide in beijing .
it has been learned that , these breakthroughs mainly included the following : first , a batch of underworld and evil forces and drug-related criminal gangs were squaushed .
it was exactly under this kind of situation that the dpp grew stronger and stronger on the strength of li denghui and eventually obtained political power .
nevertheless , they should not forget that they enjoy the strong backing of 1.3 billion chinese people who are working hard for the prosperity of the country .
powell was accompanied on the plane by state department spokesman boucher , and kelly , assistant secretary of state responsible for east asia and pacific affairs .
the united states hopes to build a constructive relationship with china , and president bush comes to china with the aim of seeking dialogue and cooperation .
with powell 's visit as a fine opportunity , sino-us high-level exchanges will be very lively and busy in the second half of this year .
mr. zhao jinglun has also emphasized that there is a very strong relationship between the development of sino-us ties and changes in the us domestic situation .
with china 's wto accession issue basically resolved , and the olympic bid successful , more and more american businesses are looking with favor on the china market .
china will need several decades to become a developed country , and china must maintain good relations with the united states in order to achieve this goal .
cultivating a large number of high-quality military professionals is not only the requirement of the times but also the historical responsibility of the entire military .
we should call army academy leaders together for an informal special-topic discussion to get the thinking of " three represents " into teaching material and classrooms .
" conservative think tank in the united states regard china as a potential enemy , but i am against this line of thinking , " he said .
the intention of those cadres is good , but they should not be over-anxious to achieve an instant result at the expense of peasants ' rights and interests .
it was said that three people had escaped because they could swim and they were not in the lower depths of the mine when the accident occurred .
the survivor hid himself here and there . he told the reporter , who disguised himself and sneaked into the scene , what he had witnessed .
hu jintao praised hiromu nonaka and other japanese friends highly for their positive contributions toward promoting sino-japanese friendship over a long period in the past .
in other words , while the democratic administration was " pushing " toward beijing , there was " pulling " going on from the republican congress .
heritage foundation asian studies center director larry wortzel feels that after biden took on his duties , the us arms sales to taiwan may have been affected .
wortzel specifically pointed out that they generally support the taiwan security act and always supported large-scale arms sales to taiwan , but biden is not this way .
political observers in washington point out that , with regard to domestic affairs , bush did not mention the flagging us economy since he took office .
russia attaches great importance to participating in modernizing these enterprises and the project of linking russia 's siberian railway with the railways in the dprk and the rok .
an article carried in an official paper of the united arab emirates on 31 july declared : " why are the us planes flying in iraqi air space ?
our 20 plus-years of implementing reform and opening up is a period in history of constant reform and innovation by our party under the guidance of marxism .
although the united states and australia made clarifications afterwards , developing is the situation in which the countries in the asia-pacific region are expanding their regional alliance .
pc --- president chen tells biden that taiwan is ready to welcome tourists from prc , and has contacted prc through channels over the issue .
in this way , the accusations against me of " collecting intelligence for a spy organization " could not possibly stand up . therefore , i was innocent .
the policemen who interrogated me said that they had always been watching my activities , and had known everything about me for a long time .
i do not want to write a book about my experiences during these five months : in terms of history , my experience as an individual is tiny .
apart from that , it is expected that jiang zemin will have to hit back during the conference at criticism from " leftists " in the party .
the " leftists " are extremely unhappy over what jiang zemin said in his " 1 july speech " about allowing private entrepreneurs to join the party .
the poor population in rural areas decreased from 200 million 20 years ago to 65 million in 1995 and to 30 million in late 2000 .
especially after the third plenary session of the 11th cpc central committee , the vast number of intellectuals has demonstrated their unprecedented initiative and creativity .
a nation , in order to become prosperous and developed and to stand tall among all other nations in the world , must have innovative theoretical concepts .
at the news conference , he said that he will reassess the issue concerning whether taiwan will participate in the missile defense system or not .
the first body was brought out yesterday morning . it has however completely putrefied due to a long period of immersion and the high temperature .
the 56-year-old bai keming was the deputy director of the central propaganda department before being appointed " renmin ribao " director on 30 june last year .
the chinese government attaches importance to developing relations with the united states . we are happy to see that recently , sino-us relations are improving .
he said that properly handling us-china relations is the most important thing that has a bearing on the happiness of the future generations of our two countries .
to uphold marxism , it is imperative to persist in integrating theory with reality and integrating marxism with national conditions and the characteristics of the times .
new socialist practice calls for new liberation of the mind and the new conditions emerging endlessly in the development of human society await new theoretical innovations .
only in this way can we continue to assume the major historical mission of leading the people in constructing socialist modernization under the new historical conditions .
with regard to unification of the basic purpose , the basic purpose of socialism is to eliminate exploitation and polarization and materialize the common good .
tang jiaxuan said that china pays much attention to biden and his party 's visit this time and welcomes more american congressmen to visit china .
the chinese government attaches importance to sino-us relations and thinks that despite differences , there are more extensive common interests between china and the united states .
they stay to serve the supreme commander of the three armed forces . does this not mean that they serve the country and the people ?
second , while our country is carrying out the " going out " strategy , we will be facing intense competition from international monopoly capital in the world .
having obtained these stories , as professional journalists , it was still more clear to us what we should do and how we should do it .
we immediately asked the miners there about what had happened , but as soon as they saw us approaching , they left in a hurry .
article by pan zhiping , director of the central asia research institute under xinjiang academy of social sciences , says three evil forces adversely affect xinjiang 's stability .
by and large , the west asian and south asian countries are traditionally islamic states or states with a huge muslim population ( such as india ) .
insofar as central asia is concerned , at present , the most influential muslim states are afghanistan , pakistan , saudi arabia , turkey , and iran .
as a matter of fact , the " three ' isms " growth in central asia in modern times has already undermined xinjiang 's stability and unity .
having made clear its goal , development plan , and strategy , the meeting intensified and upgraded lateral cooperation among different xinjiang ethnic separatist groups ; and 3 .
on 5 august , the brussels procuratorate issued an arrest warrant to formally arrest these chinese medical workers , and detained them in a brussels jail .
the international community started to ban all trade in elephant ivory since then , and china also launched a strict crackdown on ivory smuggling and trade .
china has stressed on many occasions that for israel and palestine , peace talks are the only choice and the correct path to solve disputes between them .
beidaihe , 10 august ( xinhua ) -- a summer work meeting of the china academy of social sciences was held in beidaihe from 5 to 10 august .
but some people " are against such homage , even though they are japanese nationals . this is nitpicking . i cannot understand it . "
it is by no means the democratic and free japan for the japanese people at large , but the militarist " great japanese empire . "
russia has held that , in genoa , both bush and putin agreed that reducing strategic offensive weapons on a large scale is an important achievement .
at the meeting , vice president hu jintao said that studying the " three represents " thinking was the most important thing in political affairs at the moment .
on 9 august , us department of defense spokesman quigley indicated that the us side is willing to pay reasonable expenses for the services china provided .
asked about the ruling party system in china , jiang zemin replied : many people still know little about the ruling party system in china .
whether or not he insists on paying respects at the yasukuni shrine as he has recently repeatedly threatened has aroused serious attention within japan and its asian neighbors .
today visitors can only see the tragic scenes in the city though modern methods such as sound and light electrochemical shows at the memorial museum .
prime minister koizumi has repeatedly indicated since setting up his cabinet that japan would be strengthening its international coordination and developing friendly relations with neighboring countries .
furthermore , the " code red-ii " virus can infect not only the english windows 2000 and nt , but can also infect the chinese-language operating system .
settling the taiwan issue is bound up with the feelings of the chinese people , china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , and china 's development .
if this point is ignored , it is not possible to fundamentally and correctly understand that china 's political system is the essence of people 's democracy .
asked about the ruling party system in china , jiang zemin replied : many people still know little about the ruling party system in china .
people will wait and see whether japanese leaders can cash in their views and promises in the future or not and match their words to deeds .
so , it is not hard for people to see that the basic stand of the " taiwan solidarity union " is for " taiwan independence . "
flaunting the banner of " strengthening taiwan " under the pretense of " nativization , " lee teng-hui is again engaged in an act of splitting the kuomintang .
this legislator described the mainland as " circumspect and farsighted , " and this is like using legislators of the non-ruling parties to pressure the taiwan authorities .
japan does not have a national cemetery like other western countries . however , cemeteries and shrines are divided by the class and political background of the dead .
as a matter of fact , li shaomin himself has clearly told us , with his own words and deeds , what he is " marketing . "
" koizumi going ahead with a visit to the yasukuni shrine also leaves the impression that this country embraces dual standards regarding historical problems . "
after speaking on the awe-inspiring success in olympic bid , jiang zemin suddenly began singing the famous song " o solo mio " of pavorotti .
now cadres of a younger generation wish to have a more transparent and open election and to ensure that major issues are decided by democratic vote . "
china 's fiscal deficit accounted for 2.9 percent of its gross domestic product and the outstanding amount of government debt was 14.6 percent of the gdp in 2000 .
memorial deputy director zhao chunlan says that japan should face up to history , showing deep remorse , and apologizing to the asian and chinese people .
as the cornerstone of global strategic stability , the abm treaty is closely linked to 32 international treaties on disarmament and related to nuclear nonproliferation .
two " assault " embarrassments at dawn on this day , an assault " order " is issued from the nanjing military region air force command post .
busy all year round , training very hard , little do they think that their efforts will come to naught because of some no-notice " attack . "
in the air , the crafty opponent relies on advanced electronic jamming measures , hoping to use various kinds of tricks to evade surveillance by our aircraft .
second , they should have a strong sense of service , help peasants effectively solve such pressing issues as lack of funds and technologies and information .
the vast number of party cadres in rural areas should really meet the " three represents " requirement and correctly handle their relations with the peasant masses .
grass-roots cadres are managers of rural social affairs , and should perform such management duties according to the party 's policies and the state 's laws .
in order to maintain the position of its aerospace technology in the world , china has to develop a new generation of carrier rockets as soon as possible .
these repeated textbook incidents are only one of the many farces which japanese extreme rightwing forces have staged in vigorously negating the history of aggression .
it is precisely this attitude of the japanese government that has caused this island nation to advance ever further along the dangerous road of reviving militarism .
compared with britain , which is similarly an island nation , japan has three times the number of tanks and twice the number of warships .
in recent years certain japanese politicians have often declared that " the problems of the 20th century should be settled in the 20th century . "
the legal and policy basis for us arms sales to taiwan since the united states severed diplomatic relations with the republic of china are the taiwan relations act .
there are complicated reasons for this . in my view , there are the following five factors : the first is japan deep-rooted nationalist feeling .
japan 's economy has not performed well over the past 10 years , while during this time china 's economy has grown steadily and rapidly .
people in shanghai staged sit-in strikes in front of the japanese consulate in shanghai . the demonstrators lodged a letter of protest to the japanese consulate there .
frequent replacements of the prime minister cannot move the economy out of its predicament . " the japanese economy has lost its self-improvement ability . "
as a result , trade protectionism has come back , while some rightwing and ultra nationalist elements have even attributed japan 's economic problem to china 's development .
judging from our experience in " four innovations " in the past year , it is most urgent that we concentrate resources on making environmental innovation a success .
therefore , any effort to achieve an even greater breakthrough in " four innovations " must begin by achieving a bigger breakthrough in environmental innovation .
reporter : the migration of peasant workers into the cities is having an increasingly profound impact on the entire social economy . how would you assess this impact ?
peasant workers not only are not an urban burden , they actually are the young work force model that has directly spurred on an increase in productivity .
he answered our questions in a very casual manner : " nobody was killed here . don 't you see that it is very quiet here ? "
after we arrived at the mining site , chen hongbiao , an official of the mine 's administrative office , warmly received us with cigarettes and water .
we also interviewed some people , but they all denied that people had died in the mine even though they admitted that the mine was inundated .
it was only in the evening of 12 april , after repeated persuasion and education , that the surrounding masses left the place and peace returned .
i am willing to join your excellency in making unremitting efforts to continue developing the good neighborly and mutual trust relations of complete cooperation between our two countries .
on 12 may , us deputy secretary of state armitage was sent to new delhi , and bush had already accepted an invitation to visit india .
another item on the agenda during zoellick 's visit to indonesia was the hope that the us might rekindle its past military cooperation with indonesia .
the united states ' tightening of its relations with india and indonesia is precisely in order to further complete this so-called " pacific chain " .
for instance , what plans should be adopted to transform achievements in tactics , training methodology , and technical innovation in light of their characteristics ?
report by han zhiqing and ou shijin on military exercise conducted by jinan military region on the internet ( 600 chrts , p 2 , text ) .
to summarize the exercise , the phenomenon of " human vs. computer " conflict was a wake-up call to commanders : we cannot blame on the computer .
fourth , the people 's democratic dictatorship accurately reflects the profound changes in china 's class profile and the democratic nature of the state regime .
the state system of a nation determines its political system . the state system is the substance while the political system is the form . substance determines form .
because of this caveat , china 's system of government can be referred to only as the people 's congress system and not citizen 's congress system .
in the final analysis , national security is the security of national sovereignty , the security of national sovereignty in the political , economic , and cultural spheres .
in defending national security , the people 's democratic dictatorship is effectively defending the security of national sovereignty in the political , economic , and cultural spheres .
national stability refers to the ability of the state to control social order . it requires that the state maintain a stable environment for social development .
it is necessary to discover and cherish talent with a broad and open mind and exploit and utilize china 's advantages in human resources to the greatest extent .
the editorial pointed out that the only way of realizing peace across the taiwan strait is maintaining exchanges to replace confrontation and resuming talks to replace war .
these sources also admitted that although there are plans in the party for recruiting entrepreneurs , their conditions for joining have not yet been set .
the incident of " paying homage " has already aroused the strong indignation of asian people , including hong kong compatriots , who have held protest demonstrations .
zhu rongji pointed out that the state 's enactment of the strategy of major western development has provided a rare historic opportunity for guizhou to speed up development .
china is ready to make concerted efforts with kyrgyzstan in order to continuously develop bilateral political relations and further upgrade bilateral trade and economic cooperation .
an analyst of the international institute of strategic studies in london also said , " it is a very obvious response to china 's exercises . "
the series of pragmatic measures and policies have resulted in high efficiency in personnel construction and made the contingent of young scientific and technical personnel full of vigor .
kissinger also criticized bush in addition to the elder bush , another person who may influence the younger bush 's foreign policy is henry kissinger .
japan , as a us " partner of security and prosperity , " has recently taken a series of measures to accommodate the united states ' new strategies .
small tactical communications satellites can be launched using multi-satellite launching technology to form a small-satellite constellation to cater to the real-time nature of battlefield communications .
commercial banks should improve a system to appoint and manage their offshore organizations ' senior managerial personnel and strengthen assessments of the performances of managerial personnel .
we are willing to join the maldivian side in actively adapting our relations to the new situation and continuously advancing our two countries ' friendly relations .
we should regard applying the spirit of the 1 july speech to unify the thinking of the whole armed forces as our current number one political task .
because the uss constellation participated in a military exercise in the south china sea several days ago , the current visit has drawn great attention .
delegates from the forum pledged to continuously attach importance to the relations with china , deepen understanding of it , and maintain the existing friendly ties .
we must use the language of the masses and vibrant examples , we must use rich materials in order to enter the feelings and the mind .
he said , deep study and implementation of secretary jiang 's important july 1 speech is a glorious political duty and a high political responsibility .
so far , however , the taiwan authorities refuse to accept the one china principle , and this is the key reason why cross-strait negotiations cannot resume .
with their brilliant work performance and proud construction success , the chinese people have washed off their previous shame and won the respect that they deserve .
the hands and feet must keep paddling all the time , otherwise the soldier will be dragged down into the water by his heavy equipment .
after several score minutes , i landed on the right-hand side of the beach , following the 2nd platoon , thus completing my night swimming crossing .
one three-man group of swimmers had been well camouflaged , and not even the night vision device could spot them unless constant observation was maintained .
logistics support for this war also grew from two-dimensional to three-dimensional , and from three-dimensional to multi-dimensional , making coordination and control that much more difficult .
taking these theories as a point of penetration , marx analyzed the capitalist economy and unveiled the secret that capitalists exploited laborers ' surplus value .
this labor theory of value laid a foundation stone for the marxist political economy and has constantly been radiating indelible brilliance in the history of economics .
our party has always remained very sober and vigilant and has adopted a series of firm and effective measures to guard against and crack down upon it .
hw --- responsible person of legislative affairs office answers reporter 's questions on newly revised print management regulations ; cites reasons , revised content , others .
the revision has improved and substantiated provisions on relevant legal responsibility of those who are engaged in the printing business and of examination and approval departments .
but as these non-military vessels arrived in the falkland waters , they were bombarded , together with the british fleet , by the argentine air force planes .
[ editor 's note : then , surely us chinese people must also never forget the sufferings and disastrous consequences that the japanese devils inflicted on us ! ]
this action showed that through several exercises in near actual combat conditions , the division has raised itself to a new level in overall combat effectiveness .
he said : china would like to express heartfelt thanks to south africa for its firm support on such issues as taiwan and the olympic bid .
however , right now , the problem is that we should reduce the thrust of these limitations , or even reduce unnecessary controls to the minimum .
the governments of both nations have seen that strengthening cooperative relations between the two countries accords with the respective national interests and strategic requirements of the two sides .
since he gave himself up after committing the crime , the law allows lighter punishment , and the above judgement was thus made according to law .
on the evening of 25 december last year , 309 citizens of luoyang who were enjoying themselves in a song and dance hall were burned to death .
foreign trade and internal trade enterprises should also contribute to the development of agricultural enterprises and peasant households by means of centralized distribution and chain operation .
a proposal for constitutional revision can be adopted eventually only with the approval of a majority of at least two thirds of all deputies at a npc session .
nearly 30 percent of the unemployed had never looked for jobs , and over 10 percent of them did not want to work right now .
nearly 70 percent had taken part in re-training programs , and more than 50 percent of them thought that training would help them find jobs again .
when the 1 august nanchang uprising started , comrade chen yi rushed from wuhan to jiangxi fuzhou to join the southbound troops of the nanchang uprising .
' arafat thanked the chinese leaders , government , and people for their valuable support for the palestinian people 's just cause during their most difficult times .
therefore , we must particularly take the fundamental interests of the people as the starting point and final purpose to serve for all aspects of the construction industry .
the ongoing 23rd meeting of the ninth national people 's congress standing committee held here heard explanations on the draft amendment to the trade union law .
he said in reply to journalists ' questions : " i could not confirm all the ' diplomatic news ' going around at this time .
the news center for the fifth china investment and trade consultation fair [ citcf ] disclosed this information at an advance news briefing held here .
new-fangled sales and marketing techniques , up-to-the-minute international trends , and products featuring various cultural characteristics will expedite the internationalization of the consumer goods market in china .
xiamen , 27 aug ( xinhua ) -- an exhibition of investigation of and dealing with an extraordinarily serious xiamen smuggling case opened in xiamen this morning .
different historical periods have different requirements for the advanced nature of party members , and the advanced nature of party members always have distinct features of the times .
the article said : the speech is the scientific summary of the cpc 's theory of party-building and is the latest theoretical achievement of scientific socialism .
second , newly increased state assets are defined as collective assets and doled out gratis to the staff and workers as share allocations in fixed proportions .
the dalian economic and technical development zone has introduced 22 financial institutions to provide the development zone with as much as 10 billion yuan in operating capital .
we believe that my current visit to colombia will make due contributions to developing relations between china and colombia and between the militaries of our two countries . "
the drug problem is a big waste of social sources , gives rise to criminal activities , transmits diseases , and does great harms to society .
why has the us now given up the use of the title " rogue state , " changing it instead to " states requiring attention " ?
nations like north korea , iran , iraq , yugoslavia , and libya were all on the united states list of " rogue states . "
one was called the " maintenance of regional security " or " maintenance of humanitarianism , " and consisted of military attacks on these nations .
he said that exchanges between the thai and chinese people date back to ancient times . the people of the two countries are friends and relatives .
he said that drug control is an important matter which all of the people of thailand are concerned about and thailand thanks china for its support .
zhu rongji said : economic and trade cooperation is an important part of sino-nigerian bilateral ties and also serves as a powerful driving force advancing bilateral ties .
as the countries possessing the largest and most advanced nuclear arsenal , the united states and russia bear a particular and priority responsibility for nuclear disarmament .
the two sides had in-depth exchanges of views and reached wide-ranging consensuses on relations between the two countries and international and regional issues of common concern .
the two sides agreed that the visit was a complete success and further promoted the omnidirectional cooperative relationship of good neighborliness and mutual trust between china and thailand .
the two sides agreed that constantly expanding their exchanges and cooperation in the above fields is of great significance to comprehensively developing relations between the two countries .
she said that each time her family members came to visit her , she regretted more for having followed " falungong " in the first place .
inmate liu shuwen told the reporters : we can watch television every evening . we can even watch entertainment programs besides the news on weekends .
as is known to all , military consultation and cooperation between china and the united states has been at a semi-standstill since the bush administration took office .
the diversity of the civilizations of all countries is the basic feature of human society and is the driving force of progress in human civilization .
the fbi 's image has already been greatly devalued and it has really fallen into a passive state , with the sound of condemnation continually in its ears .
the above-mentioned facts indicate that the united states and taiwan are moving toward a " quasi-military alliance , " as termed by the taiwan press .
the violent conflict which has continued for 11 months has already seriously damaged the mutual trust and atmosphere required for the palestinians and israelis to resume peace talks .
tang jiaxuan pointed out emphatically : violence will only increase mutual hatred , and peace negotiations are the only correct way of resolving the middle east issue .
twenty years ago china used an average of less than $ 2 billion of foreign investment a year , but the figure for 2000 was $ 40.7 billion .
apart from that , china 's good investment environment has produced a positive related effect , with other asian countries also greatly increasing their imports of foreign investment .
this us state of mind has led to unilateralism in international affairs , which has been universally criticized in the first year of the new century .
the two wars launched in the gulf and kosovo late in the last century have placed the united states still more in thrall to hi-tech military means .
since the establishment of new china , through more than half a century of exploration , we have found and embarked on a development path suited to ourselves .
he said their appeal was entirely reasonable , as the policy of " no haste , be patient " should have been abolished long ago .
wang zaixi said that cross-strait economic and trade exchanges are mutually beneficial and reciprocal , noting that mainland investment in taiwan can increase job opportunities .
through the work of the party organizations at all levels , the smooth implementation of the policy decisions and instructions of the cpc central committee should be ensured .
the author earned a doctorate degree in international law in europe and has for many years closely followed international laws pertinent to china 's national security .
personages of the beijing political circles think zhang wannian 's remark in essence was a warning for the taiwan authorities in connection with their recent advocacy of us-japan-taiwan military